# Tresidder To Speak At Sunday Service
## 
### 
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
President Donald B. Tresidder
will speak at the Matriculation
Service In the Memorial Church
this Sunday at 11.
All new freshmen will attend the
service, which is held every year
in the chapel to welcome new stu
dents to the University.
