# New Canteen Being Planned By War Board
## 
### 
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
The Nitery will soon become the
Stanford Canteen according to plans
oeing made now by the Stanford War
Boh id. Carol Hurwitz is in charge
of decorations and will work with
;he Stanford Mothers' Club. They
are planning to have a soft drink
bar and new gaily painted decora
tions.
The construction and painting is to
V>e done entirely by students and
might be completed by the middle of
the quarter. The new Canteen will
continue the same weekday hours as
the Nitery, but will be open Satur
day afternoons and evenings and all
day Sunday for the benefit of soldiers
who are off duty for the weekend.
The War Board social program will
be managed temporarily this quarter
by Dodie Crile who will assist Jean
nette Grimsley, the new social co
ordinator. Dances given by the Army
will be limited to two this quarter
and will be handled by the ASSU
office. The War Board plans to con
tinue the small informal parties in
private homes for soldiers and civil
ians that were started Summer Quar
ter.
Betty May Hale, SWB coordinator,
has announced the War Board will
take part in the Palo Alto Commun
ity Fair at the Community Center,
Sunday from 11 to 5, with an exhibit
of the vegetables grown this summer
at the Convalescent Home Victory
Garden. More workers are needed
tomorrow morning by Sam McDon
ald to pick the vegetables from 9 to
12. A bus will meet the workers in
front of Roble at 8:45. Volunteers are
urged to sign up at once in the War
Board office, Room 14 of the Old
Union.
