# Alumnae Reception.
## 
### 
On Saturday, March 25, the Cal
ifornia branch of the Association
of Collegiate Alumna? are to be re
ceived at the home of Mrs. Slack,
wife of Judge Slack, with the
women of the senior classes of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia as their guests. The feature
of the meeting will be a talk by
Miss Lillie J. Martin of San Fran
cisco: "Personal Experience in the
Psychological Laboratories of Ger
many."
On Saturday, March 25, the Cal
ifornia branch of the Association
of Collegiate Alumna? are to be re
ceived at the home of Mrs. Slack,
wife of Judge Slack, with the
women of the senior classes of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia as their guests. The feature
of the meeting will be a talk by
Miss Lillie J. Martin of San Fran
cisco: "Personal Experience in the
Psychological Laboratories of Ger
many."
On Saturday, March 25, the Cal
ifornia branch of the Association
of Collegiate Alumna? are to be re
ceived at the home of Mrs. Slack,
wife of Judge Slack, with the
women of the senior classes of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia as their guests. The feature
of the meeting will be a talk by
Miss Lillie J. Martin of San Fran
cisco: "Personal Experience in the
Psychological Laboratories of Ger
many."
On Saturday, March 25, the Cal
ifornia branch of the Association
of Collegiate Alumna? are to be re
ceived at the home of Mrs. Slack,
wife of Judge Slack, with the
women of the senior classes of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia as their guests. The feature
of the meeting will be a talk by
Miss Lillie J. Martin of San Fran
cisco: "Personal Experience in the
Psychological Laboratories of Ger
many."
On Saturday, March 25, the Cal
ifornia branch of the Association
of Collegiate Alumna? are to be re
ceived at the home of Mrs. Slack,
wife of Judge Slack, with the
women of the senior classes of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia as their guests. The feature
of the meeting will be a talk by
Miss Lillie J. Martin of San Fran
cisco: "Personal Experience in the
Psychological Laboratories of Ger
many."
On Saturday, March 25, the Cal
ifornia branch of the Association
of Collegiate Alumna? are to be re
ceived at the home of Mrs. Slack,
wife of Judge Slack, with the
women of the senior classes of
Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia as their guests. The feature
of the meeting will be a talk by
Miss Lillie J. Martin of San Fran
cisco: "Personal Experience in the
Psychological Laboratories of Ger
many."
