# Soph Cotillion Discussion Set For Tonight
## Committee Heads To Pick Band, Theme In Clubhouse Meeting 
### 
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
A meeting to decide on a band
and discuss a theme for the Sopho
more Cotillion will be held tonight
at 7:30 o'clock downstairs in the
Women's Clubhouse, announced gen
eral chairman Bob Anderson. Heads
from all committees but members
from the band, decorations, and
publicity committees only are re
quested to attend. Decorations com
mittee, however, will meet at 7
o'clock in order to make preliminary
plans for the general discussion.
Committeemen's names released
yesterday by Anderson are: band,
Chairman Greyson Bryan, B. J.
Montgomery, Jack Fyfe, Marge
Home; refreshments, Chairman Sid
Miller, Hugh O'Donnell; patrons and
patronesses, Chairman Sherman
Mellinkoff, Charles Boggs, Eleanor
Marquand; tickets, Chairman Ted
Moreno, Evelyn Chapman, Bill Kim
ball, Betty Dirks, Bill Bostwick;
decorations, Chairman Ben Miller,
Ned Pugh, Pat Layton, Charles Ott,
Ruth Ide, Ruth Broy, Martha Ben
son, Dorothy Lu Baker, Molly Mo
scr, Betty Avery, Audrey Clark;
clean-up, Chairman Al Louchard,
Maurice Knox, Win Beedy; pro
grams, Chairman Angela Gates, Bob
Prince, Helen May Howe; publicity,
Chairman Al Zelver, Dwight Hutch
inson, George Hislop, Barbara Leigh
Grass, Marge Tight.
