# FAIRCLOUGH ON TOUR
## 
### 
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
Dr. Hejiry Rushton Fairclough,
emeritus professor of classical liter
ature, is lecturing at Whitman Col
lege, Walla Walla, Washington, this
week. Dr. Fairclough will be in Cin
cinnati next week to attertd the Gen
eral Convention of the Episcopal
Church, to which he is California
delegate.
