# Rest Homes Garner First Quarter's Ill
## 
### 
With everything getting under
way for the quarter the rest homes
are not to be outdone. The women's
home took in its first.case Saturday
night and two roughs are now en
sconsed in the men's—a case of too
much vacation.
Mrs. George H. Murray, new ma
tron in charge of the Women's Rest
Home at 615 Salvatierra, phone Palo
Alto 6417, can take care of twelve
patients. Mrs. Murray will be as
sisted by Mrs. E. Marchand, who is
also the nurse at the women's gym
nasium.
The men's home, at 637 Alvarado,
phone Palo Alto 3347, is again in
the hands of Mrs. Clifford Allen. A
maximum of 14 men can receive all
the comforts of home for Encina)
life there—including services of the
inevitable hasher.
