# ALPHA sig pledge
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dave Delameter, '38.
