# Turnout for Soccer Is Largest in Years
## 
### 
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
At 4:15 today, when the season's
first soccer practice is scheduled to
begin, Stanford will see one of the.
largest turnouts for that sport in a
number of years.
Coach Harry Maloney was highly
optimistic yesterday at the appear
ance of 50 varsity and 30 frosh can
didates at physical examinations.
With a large number of veterans
returning, three of whom were
placed on the all-conference team
last year, Mentor Maloney declared:
"The boys are determined that this
year they are going to win the in
tercollegiate conference champion
ship."
