# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
A rat woke Johnnie Roberts of
Sikeston, Mo., at midnight by gnaw
ing the boy's nose.
