# PRESS TO PUBLISH NEW 'VIRGIL' BOOK
## 
### 
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
Stanford University Press' second
contribution to the world celebra
tion of Virgil's two thousandth an
niversary will be published tomor
row in the form of a volume of 11
woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's
"Virgil." The book is edited by
Anna Cox Brinton, professor of
archaeology at Mills College, and
contains for the first time all of
these woodcuts in one volume.
"Department Stores," written by
Eoris Emmet, professor of business
management of Stanford's Graduate
School of Business, will appear at
the same time. The volume relates
to the recent policies, costs, and
profits of the larger department
stores.
