# U.S. PLANES SEARCH FOR MISSING FLIERS
## 
### 
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Nov. 13. (/P) 1
— Two U.S. Navy seaplanes are
awaited in northern British Colum
bia where they will join the search
for six fliers who have been miss
ing several weeks. They are ex
pected from San Diego in the next
few days, orders for their departure
having been issued by the Navy
Department in Washington, D.C.,
today after arrangements for their .
entry into Canada were completed. 1
