# APPOINTMENT OFFICE ASKS STUDENTS FOR FINANCIAL REPORTS
## 
### 
Students who have obtained em
ployment through the Appointment
Service are urged by Mrs. Irene
Spenner, executive assistant, to
make the required financial reports
regularly. These reports consist of a
statement of earnings derived from
positions secured through the ser
vice.
Approximately sixty-five per cent
of all Stanford students are listed
in the files of the service. Working
for board occupies the largest num
ber of those who have been suc
cessful in obtaining work, and other
jobs range from playing in orches
tras to teaching bridge. Tutoring,
particularly in languages and sci
ences, occupies a larger number of
students than visual, according to
Mrs. Spenner.
There are more applicants than
available positions, but steady ef
forts are being made to secure work
for all students who need it.
