# KAPPA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
Intel fraternity Council announces
the pledging to Kappa Sigma of
Jack Maghetti, '4!1
