# Card Nine to End Season Saturday
## 
### 
i iiKeu it tine, but 1 would have
liked it much better if it had been
Cal. That was the way Coach
Harry Wolter felt about Stanford's
upset 8-7 win over the U.S.C. baso
ballers Monday afternoon.
Nevertheless, it was a happy day
Monday when the Trojans' last bat
ter flied out to Alec Cereghino to
end the game and give the Stanford
nine its first league victory since
their southern tour during spring
vacation. This Saturday the In
dians take on California's Golden
Bears in the final contest of the
"Big Game" series.
II Wolter's boys can hang onto the
batting power they displayed Mon
day they may defeat their arch
rivals from across the bay. Al
though the Indians have dropped
both of Cal games so far this sea
son and cannot cop the series, they
will be out after a "Big Game" win
to put a happy ending on a not too
successful league season.
