# Concert Offers New Records
## 
### 
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
Several new recordings will be
played tomorrow at 4:15 o'clock in
the Choir Room for anyone inter
ested in music. Featured on the
program will be five records made
last fall by Kirsten Flagstad, Lau
ritz Melchior, and the San Fran
cisco Opera Company.
The music on these recordings is
all by Richard Wagner. Included in
the program is the love duet from
Act II of "Tristan and Isolde,"
Brunnhilde's "The Twilight of the
Gods," and Isolde's "Love Death."
Among the single records to be
played is Leon Goosens' playing of
Handel's Oboe Concerto in B flat
with the London Philharmonic di
rected by his brother, Eugene Goo
sens. Three selections by the Hall
Johnson Choir will also be pre
sented, "Bye and Bye," "Joshua Fit
the Battle of Jericho," and "Walk
Together, Chillun."
