# Alumni to Have Buffet Luncheon
## 
### 
In connection with the festivities
of University Day this Saturday, a
buffet luncheon will be served in
the Union Court and dining room
for the visiting alumni, it was an
nounced yesterday. Reservations for
the luncheon should be made through
the alumni office.
This year's University Day, or
Homecoming, will feature the re
union of five classesâ€”'l 4, '15, '16, '17,
and :J5. In addition to attending
the annual meeting and the Big
Meet, members of these classes will
attend parties scheduled Saturday
evening.
One of the issues to be decided by
the Alumni Assembly, the main gov
erning body of the alumni, will bo
a suggestion recently put forth to
change Homecoming Day to a fall
celebration, preferably on the day
of any important football game.
