# Veteran Diplomat
## 
### 

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.

C. E. (IAI'SS. former I'. S. consul
at Shanghai, and veteran <>1° diplo
matic service in the Orient, shown
here as he arrived in San Fran
cisco aboard tin- President Taft.
lie will lie the new U. S. Minister
lo Australia.
