# Belgium on Guard Against 'Surprises'
## 
### 
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
BRUSSELS. Belgium, April 23
(UP). —Every public building was
under guard today and authorities
forbade the public to visit the build
ing which houses the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies as part of
measures to reinforce the watch on
foreigners and guard against pos
sible "surprise action."
Anti-aircarft planes fired on for
eign aircraft in the Brussels area
this morning.
