# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
Dr. Reginald D. Manwell of Syra
cuse University has discovered a
cure for malaria.
