# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21 (AP).—The
Interior Department appropriation
bill carrying $94,000,000 including
$25,000,000 for a Red Cross relief
fund was passed tonight by the Sen
ate.
