# FIGURES IN FIGHT ON EIGHTEENTH AMENDMENT
## 
### 

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.

The decision of Federal Judge William Clark in the case of William Sprague, holding the eighteenth
amendment invalid, is now before the United States Supreme Court. Solicitor General Thomas Thacher
yesterday presented part of the government's case. Frederic Pearse is one of the counsels upholding the
decision. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes yesterday withdrew from the case, feeling that he had dis
qualified himself by submitting a brief 011 a prohibition case a decade ago.
