# PRESS ANNOUNCES PSYCHOLOGY TEST PUBLICATION TODAY
## 
### 
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
"The Emotional Maturity Test," by
Dr. Raymond R. Willoughby of
Clark University, will be published
by the University Press today. In
this psychological paper the author
defines emotional maturity and
states the uses of his test in colla
boration with intelligence quizzes.
Two other publications are sched
uled to be issued by the Press in
the near future, according to an
announcement made yesterday.
"Familiar Birds of the Stanford
Campus," by John B. Price, gradu
ate student in zoology and son of
George Clinton Price, emeritus pro
fessor of zoology, and"The Per
sonality Inventory" devised by Rob
ert G. Bernreuter, graduate student
of psychology, are the titles listed.
Price's book describes the habits
and habitats of the Stanford bird
population and provides a means of
identification for the layman. "The
Personality Inventory" is a charac
ter test designed to determine the
character of personality. It deals
with four personality attributes.
