# NEW COAST FISHING PORT TO BE DREDGED
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21. (/P) —
Prospect of the development of a
new fishing port for the California
coast materialized today with the
award of a contract for opening the
mouth of the Noyo river to fishing
craft.
The office of the United Slates
Army engineers in charge of rivers
and harbors development closed the
contract with the Dutton Dredge
Company for $178,720. The project
will provide a harbor for fishing
boats midway between San Fran
cisco and Eureka and will make
possible commercial exploitation of
the valuable fishing banks off Fort
Bragg.
