# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
SPRING TUXE'S
,
You'll want the latest
in Tuxedos for your
House Formal or the
Junior Prom.
LONDON SHOPS
At Reasonable Prices
400 High St.
Palo Alto
