# RALLY COM PARTY
## 
### 
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
Because of the Western eiv mid
term to be given next Monday, the
Rally Committee Social Board has
called off the Rally Com party
scheduled for next Sunday. The
new date will be announced to
members sometime this week.
