# Typhoid, Tetanus Shots to Continue
## 
### 
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
The Health Service will continue
giving free typhoid and tetanus
shots this afternoon between 1
and 5.
