# SKI RESERVATIONS
## 
### 
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
'f'hc deadline for placement of
reservations for the Stanford Win
ter Carnival has' been extended to
Wednesday at 3 p.m. Reservations
arc available at the ASSU office.
