# Adv. 5 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
The Daily welcomes
opinions, letters, and car
toons on topics of interest
to the Stanford community.
