# LETTERS
## Prof, clarifies 'Prize' story 
### 
May I correct an error in the
Daily's story (July 22) about my
Mac Arthur prize? What I actually
said about Woodrow Wilson and
Colonel House, the book my
wife and I published in 1956, is
that it has been widely referred
to by others as a classic study of
the role of personality in poli
tics. I am especially eager to em
phasize this facet of my work, in
which my wife has had the lead
ing role for many years now, be
cause I think her contributions
as a scholar have not been
adequately recognized. I would
be mortified, however, to have it
thought that I would ever be so
arrogant as myself to charac
terize our book on Wilson as a
"classic."
Alexander George
Professor, political science

Submit article* now.
