# Dead Week
## 
### 

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.

"Deposition," a sculpture by Jack
Zajac of California (1961-64), is one
of the works of art included in the
Lytton Collection now on display at
the Stanford Museum. The show will
run through December 27.
