# School Of Education To Hold Introductory Program In Dink
## 
### 
A conference on the Stanford
School of Education will be held
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium on
Saturday, December 3, from 9
a.m. till noon. Tuesday's Cam
pus Roundup incorrectly report
ed that the conference will last
until 12 p.m.
The program's aim is to ac
quaint students with the Stan
ford School of Education, re
cently ranked first in the na
tion in educational research by
the Bureau of Applied Research
at Columbia. Another aim of the
conference is to interest com
petent men and women to pur
sue professions in education.
Dr. Thomas James, Dean of
the Stanford School, stated,
"New frontiers are opening in
education; there are limitless
needs and opportunities. We in
vite you to go with us where
the action is."
Information on the availability
of funds, grants and other assis
tance will be outlined in the pro
gram. Speakers include Dean
James, Dwight Allen, Richard
Atkinson, John Krumbolz, James
MacConnell, William O'Dell,
Ralph Keller, from Stanford and
Dr. Margaret Gill of Mills Col
lege.
The conference is co-sponsored
by the Stanford School of Educa
tion, the Education Council, and
the local chapters of Phi Delta
Kappa and Pi Lamda Theta. All
students are invited to the con

ference, and to the informal re
ception in Tresidder Union fol
lowing the program.
Further information can be
obtained from Joe Haum or
Kellet Min in the School Build
ing of Research Planning, ekÂ£.
2869.
