# Famous Surgeon To Talk At Palo Alto City Confab
## 
### 
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
Palo Alto will hold its regular
Town Meeting on Thursday, April
27, at 8 o'clock in the Community
House. The speaker this week will
be Dr. Francis M. Pottenger of Mon
rovia, who Ls the president of the
American College for Physicians and
Surgeons. Dr. Pottenger is attend
ing the state medical convention at
Del Monte.
His topic will be "Society's debt
to those whose lives have been
saved and prolonged by medicine."
