# QUADRO MEMBER
## 
### 
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
El Cuadro announces the mem
bership of Donald E. White, '36.
CHICAGO, April 24 (/P) — Like
zig-zag lightning, grain markets
flashed irregularly upward today.
