# Training for Debate.
## 
### 
After the debaters have been
chosen at Harvard to participate in
the debate with Yale, there is an
elaborate system of training com
parable only to that for an athletic
contest.
First of all, there is hard reading
over apportioned ground, and re
ports of that reading to the other
debaters. Second, each debater
makes a brief of the whole
question. Third, assignment of
positions and preparation of par
ticular parts. Fourth, practise de
bates in which old debaters,
alumni, and any friends who have
any knowledge of the topic are
called in to take the place of the
opponents. These practise debates
take place daily before unsparing
critics.
