# Missouri Convicts Fight Flames In Penitentiary
## 
### 
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 15
(/Pi—Convicts assisted the city fire
department in extinguishing a blaze
which started today in the sawmill
of the Missouri penitentiary chair
factory.
