# BRIDGE MEET
## 
### 
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
In order to elect their new officers
the Stanford Bridgemen will meet in
the El Tigre dining room tonight at
7:30 o'clock, Plans will be made for
a tournament to be held in the near
future.
