# Airplane Insignia On Akron Design Of Stanford Man
## 
### 
When the worst tragedy in
the history of lighter-than-air
craft occurred last Monday
night, the ill-fated queen of
the skies carried to its watery
grave insignias designed by a
Stanford man, it was recalled
yesterday.
In a nation-wide contest held
last year, Jack Keerl, a Stan
ford student at the time, en
tered the winning design which
was subsequently placed on the
airplanes carried by the Akron.
Circular in shape, the symbol
depicted a large-sized acrobat
on a trapeze in an inverted po
sition, hanging by his knees,
catching a smaller acrobat who
was Hying toward him.
Last Christmas Assistant
Professor of Art Farmer re
ceived a yulctide card from the
officers of the Akron, on which
Keerl's design was prominently
displayed.
