# Student Body Affairs
## 
### 
The principal business before the
Executive Committee Inst Monday
afternoon was in the matter of se
curing a trainer for next year.
After an hour's discussion it was de
cided to leave the choice and ar

rangement for trainer in the hands
of an informal committee composed
of the managers of the various ath
letic interests concerned, together
with the treasurer of the student
body.
It was resolved to summon the
managers of the two student pub
lications to appear before the aud
iting committee without further
delay.
11. 0. Victor appeared before the
committee to ask a reduction or re
mitting of the thirty-five dollars
rental for scenery for the last farce.
Upon careful consideration the com
mittee decided that in view of the
depleted state of the sUident body
treasury and the bad precedent in
making a reduction, the desired
favor could not be granted.
