# Lagunita Election Results Announced
## 
### 
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
Lagunita's six casas elected pres
idents and Committee of Seven rep
resentatives Monday. The new offi
cers follow:
Adclfa — president, Diane Bulli
vant; representative, Marilyn Mar
cum; Naranja — president. Joan
Wilson; Kucalypto — president,
Blanche Baker; representative, Pat
Dresser.
Oranaria — president, Kilbec Kor
mack; representative, Virginia
Srhurz; Magnolia—president, Mari
lyn Donahoo; representative, Mer
rilee Moore; Olivo—president, Janet
Kreager; representative, Cynthia
Barrick.
