# Summer Men's Council Interviews Held Today
## 
### 
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
Interviews for summer tYlcn's
Council will be held today and
tomorrow from to ."> p.m. in the
ICxcoin room.
All male students attending
summer quarter are eligible to
apply.
Students not available for in
terviews at this time should con
tart Jim Scott at the SAE house
or Dick Klein at Toyon.
