# Faculty Activities FACULTY CLUB
## 
### 
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
Faculty Club invites all new fac
ulty men and administrative mem
bers as well as old members inter
ested in joining the Faculty Club
for the coming year to attend the
first fall meeting Friday. A buffet
supper will be served at 6:30 p.m.
in the clubhouse. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held.
