# A 						conjunction, a prof, a dean?
## Orr will head Earth Sciences 
### Linda Friedlieb Editorial staff 
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
Petroleum Engineering Prof.
Franklyn Orr will take over as in
terim dean of the School of Earth
Sciences Sept. 1 when W. Gary
Ernst, the current dean, steps down
to return to teaching and research.
Provost Condoleezza Rice, who
appointed Orr Friday, also an
nounced that a visiting committee
will form next fall to evaluate the
school and make recommendations
concerning its future. Following the
committee's report. Rice said, a na
tional search will begin for a new
dean.
Rice said that Orr's history as an
active leader was an important fac
tor in his appointment. "The facul
ty were terrific in supporting
Lynn's candidacy," she said. "He

clearly has a lot of support in the
school."
Although he is currently on sab
batical, Orr has served as the chair
of the Petroleum Engineering De
partment for the past four years.
He also chaired the faculty commit
tee for the recently completed
Green Earth Sciences Building.
Orr said he is looking forward to
the challenge of his new position.
"We have a major new program
in Earth Sciences and we have a
bunch of strong research pro
grams," Orr said. "What we will
have to do is capitalize on these pro
grams in a time of tight budgets."
He pointed to his experiences
working with "budgets and billets"
as a department chair as important
preparation for the position. In ad
dition, he said he has worked on
numerous committees focused on
issues involving graduate stu
dents.
Even with the stresses of his
new position, Orr said he will con
tinue to teach one graduate semi
nar. "I'm not willing to give that
up," he said. "It's the reason I'm
here."
Ernst said he was delighted
with Rice's choice. "Lynn Orr is an
outstanding scientist and engi
neer. But he's more than that.

He's a University statesman,"
Ernst said, adding that he will do
everything he can to provide a
smooth transition.
Ernst has served as dean for the
past five years. After stepping
down in September, he will return
to his teaching and research duties
in the Geological and Environmen
tal Sciences Department as well as
continuing to teach in the Earth
Systems program he helped found.
Rice said the visiting committee
will be made up of both academics
from other institutions and visi
tors from industries involved in
earth sciences. She said the com
mittee will probably convene early
in fall quarter and produce a

report by the end of that term.
Ernst added that he believes the
visiting committee's review will be
beneficial to the school. "I think
the school's future is secure, based
on outstanding teaching and
research," he said. "Every unit
ought to have a review once in a
while... .We don't speak with one
voice about where we're going.
"We need people outside to say
'How about the emperor's new
clothes?' 'Are we doing the right
thing or not?' "
Orr said he also sees the visiting
committee as a "chance to take a
look at ourselves, to try to articu
late our goals and how we want to
focus during the future."
