# Kirkpatrick To Discuss Modern Physics on KGO
## 
### 
The nature and importance of modern
experimental research will be discussed
by Dr. Paul Harmon Kirkpatrick, asso
ciate professor of physics at Stanford,
in a radio talk over station KGO Mon
day, July 22, at 8 p.m. The subject of
his talk will be "The Tools of Re
search."
Some of the delicate measuring de
vices employed in scientific research
will be described by Dr. Kirkpatrick.
One such instrument measures a cur
rent of electricity so small in compari
son to the current in an ordinary elec
tric light that the tiny electrical im
pulse corresponds to a trickle of water
from a leaky faucet as compared to a
flow of water one thousand times that
of Niagara Falls.
Dr. Kirkpatrick was professor of
physics at the University of Hawaii
from 1923 to 1931 and has been at Stan
ford since 1931. He has conducted out
standing research in the theory of X
ray reflection, the continuous X-ray
spectrum, and seismography.
