# Aiding Thornton
## 
### 

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •

Dr. Margery Bailey, academic di
rector of "Othello." Caricature by
Harold Ilelvcnston. •
