# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
The Daily Palo Alto will appear 10-
morrow (Saturday) to cover the first
Intercollegiate baseball game and the
Varsity track meet, with the Univer
sity of Southern California. The issue
will also contain a detailed and ex
haustive condemnation of R. J. Miller's
recent articles in the "Sequoia", sub
mitted for publication by the Scara
boea society.
