# STANFORD BABES BEATEN 31-29 BY YEARLING BRONCS
## 
### 
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
Coming through in the last few
minutes of play with a whirlwind at
tack that netted eight points while
the Cardinals were unable to score,
Santa Clara's yearling basketball
team last night downed the Stanford
freshman quintet to the tune of 31 to
29 after trailing throughout the en
tire game.
Eldon Niles was the outstanding
player in the contest, capturing high
point honors with 16 tallies to his
credit and sinking his team's winning
baskets. Baker, Cardinal guard, came
second with 11 points.
The scoring started after about
two minutes of play when Kelly,
Stanford forward, sank a long shot,
which he followed soon after by a
second. During the remainder of the
first half, the Cardinal maintained a
slight lead, coming through with a
scoring streak in the last few min
utes of the half which gave them a
lead of 21 to 12.
In the second period, however, the
Bronco babes began to score, collect
ing five baskets while the Stanford
yearlings had to be content with one.
At this point, with the score 23 to 22
in their favor, the Cardinal quintet
took time out to think things over.
Coming back after their rest they
sank three goals in quick succession,
making the score 29 to 23. Led by
Niles, stellar forward, the visitors
opened up and sank the winning bas
ket with less than a minute to play.
Doub and Rintala were the main
stays of the Stanford team, breaking
up most of the Bronco plays and get
ting the ball out from under their
own basket with plenty of speed.
Baker proved himself a sure shot by
taking high-point honors among his
teammates without getting near the
Santa Clara goal.
