# MARK HOOVERS' BIRTHPLACE
## 
### 
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
lOWA CITY, la., Jan. 15 (/P).—The
birthplace of Herbert Hoover at West j
Branch, lowa, is to be marked by a gran
ite boulder bearing a suitably inscribed
bronze tablet, the lowa City chapter of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion announces. ;
