# DENTISTS OFFER NEW AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. (/P)—Dr. John
P Buckley, of Hollywood, California,
authority on pyorrhea, at the annual
convention of the Chicago Dental So
ciety today, suggested a 19th amend
ment which would prohibit eating of
certain foods, but would permit smok
ing and eating of candy. He said con
trary to generally accepted opinion
neither good quality tobacco nor
candy would harm the teeth to any
great extent.
Dr. Buckley said in smoking the ;
nicotine goes into the air in the form
of gas and not into the mouth of the j
smoker. It stains the teeth but does
not harm them, he said.
The remedy for the prevention of |
decay lies in frequent brushing and ,
a diet composed of rough foods which |
stimulate the gums and supply the
proper minerals and vitamins to the
blood, lie said.
Ernest E. Dalton, of Chicago, said
Chicagoans wore $10,000,000 worth of
gold in their mouths. The average
American of 30, he said, added about
50 cents' worth of gold to his mouth i
annually and at the age of 60 his
mouth contained gold valued at $15. i
He also said $15,000,000 in gold teeth ;
was buried annually in the United
States.
