# Spalding Cancels History Seminar
## 
### 
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
Students in History 15ft. "History
of the World War of 1914-18 and
Its Aftermath," will net hold their
regular seminar this evening, ac
cording to Professor Merrill
Spalding! Postponement of the
seminar was caused by confiiction
with the Santa Clara game rally.
The class will meet in the base
ment of Women's Clubhouse next
Thursday for its next scheduled
meeting.
