# Mural Scores
## 
### 
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
Defending mural football cham
pions, Ihe Phi Kapps, won their
second straight victory, over the
Kappa Sigs, 6-0. In other action.
Phi Sig I blanked Sigma Chi 6-0,
the Zetes KOed Phi Psi 20-0, and
Junipero heat Trancos, and the
SAE’s won over Beta I both in
overtime.
