# Endorsements
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
The Stanford Daily editorial board will be endors
ing Council of Presidents slates and fee assessment
groups for the spring quarter ASSU election. All
those interested in being considered for an endorse
ment should be at the Daily office Sunday between
2:30 and 4 p.m.
