# Music Foundation Membership Open
## 
### 
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
The Shu Francisco Symphony
Foundation Drive for 1954 is draw
ing to a close.
Membership tickets are available
which will entitle members to two
free tickets to a concert by the
San Francisco Symphony, two re
hearsals at the Opera House, and a
champagne reception at the season's
close to meet the Symphony Or
chestra.
The purpose of the music founda
tion is to widen interest in the af
fairs ol the orchestra and provide
basic, long-range security for the
Symphony.
Anyone interested in obtaining
tickets should contact Mel Bethke,
John Stahr, or Bob Swain at DA
3-8631.
