# Immunization Shots Continue All Quarter
## 
### 
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
Free tetanus and typhoid shots
will lie offered to all registered
students on Tuesdays and Thurs
days between I and 5 in the af
ternoon for the remainder of the
quarter.
