# Faculty Wife Dies; Funeral Tomorrow
## 
### 
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
Mrs. Florence J. Bassett, wife of
Dr. Lee Emerson Bassett, professor
of speech and drama, emeritus,
passed away at her Stanford home
yesterday.
Mrs. Bassett was the mother of
David L. Bassett, associate profes
sor of anatomy.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow at 1:30 p.m. at the chapel
of Roller and Hapgood, 380 Middle
field Road, Palo Alto.
