# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."

"Congratulations, Professor Deutschmann. The students tell
me you've won the school championship tor giving the hardest
tests."
