# Positions for Finals.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
At the meeting of the Debating
Executive Committee which oc
curred this afternoon the positions
and sides of the twelve contestants
in the finals of the Intercollegiate
were decided upon. The lots were
drawn as follows:
First debate — Affirmative, Cam
eron, '03, Marrack, '01, Scott, '02;
negative, Jones, '02, Williams, '03,
Lucas, '01.
Second debate —Affirmative, En
glish, '01, Merritt, '01, Free, '01;
negative, Morrow, '01, Rice, '02,
Morris, '01.
Both squads are to debate the
Intercollegiate question, which,
with the judges, will be decided
upon later. The date when these
finals will take place is March 9th.
