# Missouri Marksman
## 
### 

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)

John Cooper, who as a sophomore
last year led Big Six scorers, is
the ace forward of the University
of Missouri's basketball team. (As
sociated Press Photo)
