# Filipino Head Predicts Defeat Of Freedom Bill
## 
### 
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
MANILA, Jan. 18 (TP) —While uni
versity students celebrated the en
actment in Washington of inde
pendence for the Philippines, in
sular legislators discussed today
both formally and informally
whether to accept or reject the
measure.
The student celebration, in a mass
meeting, was the first general ex
pression of rejoicing over proffered
freedom. First news that Congress
had overridden President Hoover's
veto ot the independence measure
developed no demonstrations.
Manuel Quezon, President of the
insular Senate, an opponent of the
measure in the form adopted, issued
a statement in which he expressed
the opinion that the bill would be
overwhelmingly defeated if submit
ted to the Philippine Legislature
now.
