# B.C. DEBATERS
## 
### 
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
Victor Dryer (top) iiiul Neil
Perry, British Columbia debaters
who will meet a Stanford team
composed of Frank Fullenwider
and Joseph Fessio in the Little
Theatre tonight.
