# FOLK DANCING
## 
### 
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
Palo Alto Recreation Department
lolk dance classes will open the
summer term today for beginners,
tomorrow for intermediate dancers,
and Thursday for the advanced
group at the Palo Alto Community
Center. 1305 Middlefield Road.
