# Excerpt
## 
### 
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
"Sometimes I think the
cerebrum is wasted and all
we really need is the lower
brain, which I've been told
is what makes the lungs
breathe and the heart beat
and what lets us smell
pleasant things. What about
the poetry? That's another
split decision, maybe going
the other way if I made a
tally. It's made me
melancholy in old age, sad
when if I'd stuck with
motor homes and the na
tional league standings I
don't think I would have
been rooting around in
regret and doubt at this
point. Nothing wrong with
sadness, but this is not the
real thing — not the death
of a child but the feelings
of a college student
reading 'Don Quixote' on a
warm afternoon before
going out to the lake."
