# Trojans Discuss Plans For Raising I.C.4-A. Funds
## 
### 
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
U.S.C, May 15 (CIPA, by Radio).
—Plans to complete the raising of
$5000 to send the track team to the
1.C.4-A. meet were discussed today
by members of Trojan Knights. "We
have only until a week irom Friday
to accumulate the needed money and
it is imperative that concrete plans
be laid today," Jim Krueger, co
chairman of the Track Fund Com
mittee said.
