# Slusser Named Business Head
## 
### 
Winning one of the closest races
eVer staged for the post, John Slus
ser, stall advertising manager, was
last night appointed by Bob Her
man to succeed him as business
manager of The Daily for next year.
Slusser, manager of,the Palo Alto
district, competed against Bill Moore,
San Francisco manager, for the po
sition which ranks highest on the
business division of the staff. He
will serve during this summer and
the entire three quarters of next
year, in the publication of Volumes
88 and Bfi of The Daily.
Outstanding, according to Herman,
was Slusser's work on the several
photolith sections which have sup
plemented The Daily during the cur
rent year. Under his and Moore's
direction the volume of advertising
from the two districts has increased
approximately 14 per cent over the
same period last year. As business
manager, Slusser will preside at the
next meeting of the Daily business
stall.
