# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
SAVE SATURDAY
for Shaw's
"Pygmalion" in the Assembly
Hall. Not a classic comedy but
strictly modern, full of rich sa
tire and dazzling wit.
SEATS—ADMINISTRATION
BUILDING
