# Maloney Issues Call For Legion Ball Teams
## 
### 
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
All men who expect to play on the
American Legion baseball teams now
being organized in Palo Alto, should
report to Harry Maloney, at Encina
Gymnasium, before Sunday, April 10,
according to statement made by him
this morning. Eight teams are being
formed among Legion members on the
campus and in Palo Alto, and an ex
tended series of games will be played.
The Ellery Arms Co., of San Fran
cisco, has offered a trophy for the
winning team and an individual base
ball charm for each of its members.
