# No Need for Bucket Brigade
## 
### TOM SHAWVER 
This may come as a shock to
kindergarten students, but there
is a lot more to the business of
being a fireman than bed clang
ing and free rides on hig red
trucks, according to Fire Chief
John Marston and the 1!) members
of the Stanford Fire Department.
For them it means answering
an average of 140 calls a year
which may come from any part
of Stanford's 9,000-acre campus,
and the responsibility of protect
ing thousands of students and
faculty members and their fami
lies, and the Farm's $25,000,000
worth of buildings. A knowledge
of first-aid. salvage work and re
pairing, and fire-fighting is re
quired. As a group they must
maintain four miles of hose, 151

lire extinguishers, and 21 fire
alarm boxes, besides making con
tinuous inspections of all campus
buildings.
Before every bonfire rally a
thorough inspection of the lire
area must lie conducted. At all
large public gatherings on the
campus a member of the depart
ment is present to give the alarm
and take charge in case a fire
should break out. And speaking
non-profcssionally, it is a well
known fact that all firemen live
in mortal fear of having to for
sake half a piece of apple pie or
leap from a warm bed at night
only because some practical joker
likes to turn in false alarms.
Stanford Student Firemen's As
sociation makes it possible for
people to attend Stanford and at

the same time realize a childhood
ambition of growing up to lie a
fireman. Fourteen students live
on the second Moor of the fire
house and in return for quarters,
and a SliO monthly allowance, each
one is required to In' on duty ev
ery other night in the firehouse.
During the day all 14 take over
stand-by duty. In the event of a
fire, classes assume secondary im
portance as the firemen head for
the fire. To complete their educa
tion, drills on all phases of fire
fighting and prevention are given
weekly by the reguiar members
of the department.
Stanford's fire department plays
a comparatively quiet role in
campus life but an inspection of
past performances will prove its
importance to the University.
