# Quads.
## 
### 
Applewhite returned to the Uni
versity yesterday after a three or
four days' stay in San Francisco
where he has been studying on a
case in real property, which he
thinks he has in shape for settle
ment without litigation.
The places for the Stanford
representatives on the Carnot De
bate will be assigned at 4 p.m. Wed
nesday. This gives the contestants
twenty-four hours more than last
year for preparation, or a total of
forty-eight hours before the con
test.
Applewhite returned to the Uni
versity yesterday after a three or
four days' stay in San Francisco
where he has been studying on a
case in real property, which he
thinks he has in shape for settle
ment without litigation.
The places for the Stanford
representatives on the Carnot De
bate will be assigned at 4 p.m. Wed
nesday. This gives the contestants
twenty-four hours more than last
year for preparation, or a total of
forty-eight hours before the con
test.
Applewhite returned to the Uni
versity yesterday after a three or
four days' stay in San Francisco
where he has been studying on a
case in real property, which he
thinks he has in shape for settle
ment without litigation.
The places for the Stanford
representatives on the Carnot De
bate will be assigned at 4 p.m. Wed
nesday. This gives the contestants
twenty-four hours more than last
year for preparation, or a total of
forty-eight hours before the con
test.
Applewhite returned to the Uni
versity yesterday after a three or
four days' stay in San Francisco
where he has been studying on a
case in real property, which he
thinks he has in shape for settle
ment without litigation.
The places for the Stanford
representatives on the Carnot De
bate will be assigned at 4 p.m. Wed
nesday. This gives the contestants
twenty-four hours more than last
year for preparation, or a total of
forty-eight hours before the con
test.
Applewhite returned to the Uni
versity yesterday after a three or
four days' stay in San Francisco
where he has been studying on a
case in real property, which he
thinks he has in shape for settle
ment without litigation.
The places for the Stanford
representatives on the Carnot De
bate will be assigned at 4 p.m. Wed
nesday. This gives the contestants
twenty-four hours more than last
year for preparation, or a total of
forty-eight hours before the con
test.
