# Meeting: of the Zoological Club.
## 
### 
The Zoological Club met at Dr..
Gilbert's home last evening. Miss
Parker gave a talk on the relation
of the four different organisms to
their environment, showing that
from the amoeba to the highest
animals and birds very close rela
tions exist between their form and
their habits and environments.
Mr. Seofield gave a report of a
trip to the Carmelo river which he
took with some other students last
summer in the interests of the Fish
Commission. Very interesting
lelters were read from the members
of Dr. Gilbert's party, telling of
their trip. After thirty days out
from San Francisco they have
reached Panama and have gone to
work collecting fish, birds, etc.
The Zoological Club met at Dr..
Gilbert's home last evening. Miss
Parker gave a talk on the relation
of the four different organisms to
their environment, showing that
from the amoeba to the highest
animals and birds very close rela
tions exist between their form and
their habits and environments.
Mr. Seofield gave a report of a
trip to the Carmelo river which he
took with some other students last
summer in the interests of the Fish
Commission. Very interesting
lelters were read from the members
of Dr. Gilbert's party, telling of
their trip. After thirty days out
from San Francisco they have
reached Panama and have gone to
work collecting fish, birds, etc.
The Zoological Club met at Dr..
Gilbert's home last evening. Miss
Parker gave a talk on the relation
of the four different organisms to
their environment, showing that
from the amoeba to the highest
animals and birds very close rela
tions exist between their form and
their habits and environments.
Mr. Seofield gave a report of a
trip to the Carmelo river which he
took with some other students last
summer in the interests of the Fish
Commission. Very interesting
lelters were read from the members
of Dr. Gilbert's party, telling of
their trip. After thirty days out
from San Francisco they have
reached Panama and have gone to
work collecting fish, birds, etc.
The Zoological Club met at Dr..
Gilbert's home last evening. Miss
Parker gave a talk on the relation
of the four different organisms to
their environment, showing that
from the amoeba to the highest
animals and birds very close rela
tions exist between their form and
their habits and environments.
Mr. Seofield gave a report of a
trip to the Carmelo river which he
took with some other students last
summer in the interests of the Fish
Commission. Very interesting
lelters were read from the members
of Dr. Gilbert's party, telling of
their trip. After thirty days out
from San Francisco they have
reached Panama and have gone to
work collecting fish, birds, etc.
The Zoological Club met at Dr..
Gilbert's home last evening. Miss
Parker gave a talk on the relation
of the four different organisms to
their environment, showing that
from the amoeba to the highest
animals and birds very close rela
tions exist between their form and
their habits and environments.
Mr. Seofield gave a report of a
trip to the Carmelo river which he
took with some other students last
summer in the interests of the Fish
Commission. Very interesting
lelters were read from the members
of Dr. Gilbert's party, telling of
their trip. After thirty days out
from San Francisco they have
reached Panama and have gone to
work collecting fish, birds, etc.
