# Conference here draws many faiths
## News 
### TARRANT MAHONY Staff writer 
Over 800 people from 21
countries arrived at Stanford
this week for a worldwide con
ference on religious and social
issues sponsored by the Interna
tional Association for Religious
Freedom (lARF).
Representatives from 50 reli
gious faiths and several liberal
organizations will spend the
next three days discussing is
sues ranging from Sikhism to
religious violence in Northern
Ireland, according to Janine
Denegall, director of public re
lations for the Unitarian Uni
versalist Association (UUA),
which is hosting the conference.
The theme of the 26th trien
nial conference, which runs
through Thursday, is "World
Religions Face the 21st Cen
tury."
The conferees will meet in
discussion groups each morning
and in the afternoon take part
in approximately 40 workshops,
according to the conference di
rectory.
On Thursday the conferees
will hold a candlelight cere
mony commemorating the 47th
anniversary of the dropping of
the atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
Participants will float candles
in the fountain in front of
Hoover Tower, Denegall said.
"The candles light the way for
the passing of those who died
this year from radiation sick
ness and light the way for the
'citizen pilgrim,' for people who
are here to rededicate them
selves to peace and justice,"
Denegall said.
The conference began Friday
night with a speech by Maya
Angelou, poet and author of "I
Know Why The Caged Bird
Sings," who began by singing a
