# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow evening Captain Bellah
and Trainer Moulton will meet all men
who anticipate taking part in fall
track training. Every individual who
expects to appear upon the track this
year should sign up at this gathering
of track athletes, not only for the ad
vantage of early training, but also for
the purpose of giving both Captain
Bellah and Trainer Moulton an op
portunity to size up the material that
will be available during the season of
1911. Especially is it incumbent upon
all Freshmen who anticipate indulging
in track work to be present at this
rally. The advantage of early train
ing cannot be overestimated for the
first year men and it is to be hoped
that their strength numerically will be
great at this meeting. Every man is
valuable and we hope to hear a suc
cessful report of Saturday evening's
registration.
