# WOMEN'S GLEE CLUB PLANS RADIO CONCERT
## 
### 
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
Tentative plans for a radio concert
this quarter were discussed at the meet
ing of the Women's Glee Club last
night in the Women's Clubhouse. The
year's work is concentrated on the win
ter and spring quarters, when they will
give programs at the Conference Party
and Community Clubhouse. Ihe rest of
their schedule is unnounced.

New members brought the roll up to
thirty-eight. Women who joined last
night arc: Betty Bonn, Dorothy Gray,
Mary Raney, and Marjorie Thompson.
