# Teachers' Convention Will Hear Minnesota President
## 
### 
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
Dr. Loftus D. Coffman, president of
the University of Minnesota, will ad
dress the fourth biennial session of
the California State Teachers' Con
vention at Sacramento today. About
3000 educators from 16 counties in
northern California are attending the
convention.
