# Getting It Straight
## 
### 
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
Questions may lie mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not be signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.
