# MUSIC TO SOOTHE TICKET BUYERS AT SEAT SALE TODAY
## 
### 
"Music while you eat" (or any
way, music while you stand in
line and wish you were eating)
will he the big super attraction
offered at the ticket sale for
"The Lady of the Rose" to be
held at 1 o'clock today in the
Old Union.
In short, to part with $1 or 75
cents to the persuasive rhythm
of "Sing a Baby Song" or "Halle
lujah" will become a luxury
rather than a painful necessity,
the Dramatic Council believes,
and will therefore import to the
scene a Victrola stocked with the
latest and best of melody hits.
For the benefit of such women
whose perverted taste leads them
to feel that they would rather
eat and then part with their
money without the music, tickets
will be sold in the Roble lobby
at 12:30 o'clock.
After today tickets may be ob
tained at Crandall's Book Store
or at the Old Union.
