# RELATIONS RENEWED
## 
### 
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
Student body presidents of the Uni
versity of Oregon and Oregon Agricul
tural College have renewed agree
ments made between the schools in
1919. Each student body pledged to
refrain from vandalism on the other's
campus.
