# Benjamin top NCAA thrower
## 
### 
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
According to statistics re
leased by the NCAA this week
Stanford quarterback Guy Ben
jamin has become the nation's
top passer with 23.3 comple
tions per game. Benjamin is
also No. 2 in the NCAA in total
offense with 267.7 yards a
game.
Three of Benjamin's receiv
ers rank among the NCAA's top
13. Flanker James Lofton is
rated No. 4 among the nation's
receivers with 38 receptions,
halfback Darrin Nelson ranks
seventh with 34 catches and
split end Bill Kellar ranks 13th
with 32 catches.
Nelson has rushed for 660
yards and is only 85 yards from
establishing a Pacific-8
freshman record rushing re
cord. USC sophomore Charles
White set the record with 744
yards last season. Nelson is
also fourth in the country in
all-purpose rushing with 159.8
yards a game.
Stanford's specialists also
made the weekly national rat
ings. Placekicker Ken Naber
ranks fourth in field goals per
game while Brad Fox ranks 11th
in punting.
