# Professor Hall Will Talk To Philosophy Students
## 
### 
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
Professor Howard J. Hall will address
the members of the Philosophy Depart
ment tomorrow afternoon at 3:15, in
Room 95 of the Philosophy Building on
"Benjamin Thompson, the First Amer
ican Poet." A second paper will be
given by Professor Espinosa on the
"Survival of the Roman Fiest in Cas
tille."
