# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The failure of the Varsity
to make a better showing in the
game with Fireman's Fund last
Saturday was largely due to the
lack of the proper support on the
part of the student body. Base
ball men need encouragement as
much as football players. Without
it they necessarily fight an up-hill
game. An active interest of the
students in baseball augments the
enthusiasm of every individual
player, and has direct effect upon
the general excellence of the play
ing. This sort of support has been
wofully lacking this season. The
number of people who have turned
out to watch the game has been pro
vokingly small, and the players
have not once had the encourage
ment of a Stanford yell in a match
game. What is the matter with
our yell leaders? If we expect to
win in the baseball championship
this year it is essential that the
team should have the support of
everyone.
