# WHO DONE IT?
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
SACRAMENTO. April 4 (/P>. —
Oakland baseball players may be
using new bats in their Pacific
Coast League series with San Diego
this week.
A taxicab driver told police that
somebody stole a case of Oakland
bats he was supposed to deliver to
the railroad station from Edmonds
Field, where the Oaks swept a
doubleheader from Sacramento yes
terdav.
