# THETA CHI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
Theta Chi announces the pledging
of Bob Thompson, '36; Fink Beck
man, '36; and Jim McNab, '36.
