# HONOLULU PROTESTS
## 
### 
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
With all Hawaii protesting the
sugar control bill pending in Con
gress, Governor Poindexter will
leave for Washington soon to dis
cuss the measure.
