# BUSINESS SCHOOL
## 
### 
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
David Ernest Faville, associate
professor of marketing, is attending
a marketing conference, which is
being held in Pomona today and to
morrow. lie will return to the cam
pus Friday, upon the completion of
this conference.
