# Honor Violator Drops School, Case Dismissed
## 
### 
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
The one honor code case pending
before the Men's Council was
dropped from consideration due to
Ihe absence of the charged from the
University at the beginning of this
quarter, at the meeting that was
held in the Old Union yesterday
afternoon.
The fact that several traffic vio
lators failed to appear before the
Men's Council caused the greater
part of the Council's business to be
postponed to Ihe next meeting and
incurred Ihe additional expense of
$1 for all those who had been sum
moned.
