# SLAC jobs for students
## 
### 
Stanford Linear Ac
celerator Center, a high
energy physics research
laboratory, has a number of
part-time openings for Stan
ford undergraduate and
graduate students as guides
for the 15,000 visitors who
annually tour the lab.
Students interested in
part-time work to a
maximum of 20 hours per
week (including Saturday
and Sunday), and who have
completed and feel com
fortable with freshman
physics, like people, and
want another dimension to
their education, are en
couraged to call the SLAC
Employment Office, 854-
3300, ext. 2353.
