# Season Tickets.
## 
### 
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
There has been some misunder
standing in regard to the number
of games for which season tickets
are good. There will he at least
five Varsity and seven Freshman
contests on the campus. Besides
these twelve games the ticket will
admit owner to two contests in the
city, on the sth and 12th of Octo
ber, between the Varsity and the
Reliance and Olympic teams re
spectively. In consideration of
fourteen admittance fees it is ob
vious that a season ticket is a wise
investment.
