# Coach Spaulding.
## 
### 
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
A. B. Spaukling, '96, arrived in
Sa.ll Francisco yesterday from New
York City and will he at the Uni
versity tomorrow. Spaulding comes
here to take up his work as one of
the three graduate coaches up
pointed last fall, and will take en
tire charge of the ends. Spaulding
comes for the football season
direct from the East, where he has
heen doing postgraduate work in
medicine.
