# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two yea KB ago the Freshman-
Sophomore debate was instituted
at Stanford, and tomorrow evening
the third contest will take place
between the two under-classes. The
debate has proven all that was
hoped for, it bringing the student
with ability to the front early in
his college career. The recent Car
not team was composed of the same
men who represented the Class of
1901 in the first contest. Two of
these men are now on the Inter
collegiate, and one of them was the
first chosen for the Nebraska team.
Just as football furnishes the in
coming class each year a common
ground upon which to meet, debate
gives another means of developing
class spirit. With the organization
of the Freshman society, men may
now begin practicing as soon as
they enter and have an opportunity
for four years of training as public
speakers and debaters, railier than
one or two. The self-assurance
gained by those who make a class
team is of much value in their de
velopment. The man who faces an

audience successfully and takes
part in a real contest lias made a
long step. Both teams for tomor
row evening are strong. The Fresh
men are unusually well developed,
and this may he attributed largely
to the influence of their society.
The men from each class were se
lected after close trials. Not only
will an interesting debate take
place, hut the two under-classes
will he given ;m oppoitunity to dis
play wholesome rivalry.
