# Untitled Article
## 
### 
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
New. Books. —The following have
been received at the Bookstore:
Dumas' Tulipe Noire, Lewis; Ros
tand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Kuhns;
Williamson's Integral Calculus.
