# BRUIN COACH DRILLS TEAM IN NEW SHIFT
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, March 9.â€”Begin
ning a month of spring practice,
Coach Bill Spaulding's 1931 Bruin
gridiron machine spent last week in
heavy drill with the new shift which
will be introduced this fall.
Spaulding sent two picked teams
together Friday to get a line on the
new material which will meet Occi
dental, W.S.C., Northwestern, Po
mona, Stanford, Saint Mary's, Ore
gon, and Florida. From all indica
tions the best team in U.C.L.A. his
tory will take the greensward next
fall, but in view of the schedule
Bruin followers will be more than
satisfied if they win half the games
carded.

Only 16 per cent of the teachers
ill North Carolina in 1928-29 were
men.
