# FRATERNITY PAYS $20 TO ACQUIRE BRIDGE "TRICKS"
## 
### 
Stanford University
doesn't offer a course in
card playing, a prominent fra
ternity house recently resorted
to paying a fee of $20 to some
mysterious individual who
promised to teach them many
little "tricks" of the trade.
After a few hours of concen
trated study, the boys could
deal aces back to back in stud
poker and also deal very clev
erly from any part of the deck.
If furnished with an ambidex
trous partner in bridge, grand
slam hands could be had when
ever desired. So effective has
become their technique that
they could be awarded a "Pon
tif Maximus" degree in bridge.
They all claim that this lesson
was for the sake of protection
and not forâ€”well, whoever
heard of paying $20 and not re
ceiving anything in return for
it anyway?
