# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
• TOO EARLY
to be makin' cracks about see
ing you next year . . . hope
you'll have time for some good
music before leaving for the
holidays.
* Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
