# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto

HOTSHOTS—Eddie (left) and Johnny O'Brien of Seattle College
hold up a ball indicating the number of points they scored
against New York University recently. The South Amboy, N.J.,
twins led Seattle to a 102-101 win, Eddie scoring 33 and Johnny
29. Johnny is currently setting a new four-year collegiate scor
ing record with every point he makes. NEA Telephoto
