# Conservationists To Speak Tonight
## 
### 
Three of California's most
important conservationists,
Assemblyman John T. Knox,
Chairman of the Assembly Local
Government Committee and
legislative conservation leader,
Phillip Berry, National President
of the 86,000 member Sierra
Club; and John Zierold,
Legislative Representative of the
Planning and Conservation
League; will be the principal
participants in a public forum,
"Environmental Protection:
Illusions, Substance, and
Prospects in Sacramento" tonight
at 8:00 p.m., at Terman Junior
High School, 655 Arastradero
Road, Palo Alto.
"The purpose of the meeting,"

says program chairman Robert
Girard, Law School Professor, "is
enhanced public understanding of
the validity, importance and
prospects of noteworthy bills and
programs relating to
environmental protection, among
the multitude that have been
advanced by state officeholders,
and how and where concerned
citizens can best bring influence
to bear."
The public is invited to attend,
and there will be substantial
opportunity for audience
comments and questions. The
meeting is sponsored as a public
service by north Santa Clara
County volunteer Democratic
organizations.
