# Editorial . . . . Feature . . . . Comment
## 
### 
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
And so, as in a continued story, we wait hope
iully, but v/ithout too much faith, for Monday
| night.—J. C.
