# Daily Errs In Budget Report
## 
### 
A balance of $251,961.32
available for appropriations by
the University on August 31,
1937, recently was reported in
error by The Daily. The amount
should have been $40,014.59.
Due to a misinterpretation of
the report of the Comptroller,
deductions were not made for
appropriations and reserves for
restoration of salaries, amorti
zation funds, unexpended bal
ances in departmental budgets,
and construction projects.
The amount of $40,014.59 was
announced as "free or unappro
priated, and, according to
President Ray Lyman Wilbur,
part of that has been appropri
ated. Another computation by
the Comptroller shows an ac
tual sum of $22,544.10 as being
a clear addition to reserve.
