# YANKS TAKE SIXTH WIN
## 
### 
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
BALTIMORE, Mr., April 14 (UP).
—The New York Yankees met
Baltimore's Orioles ol the Interna
tional League today. A 9-4 victory
over their Binghamton farm hands
yesterday gave the Yanks their
sixth straight win, and their 17th
out of 27 starts this spring.
