# ‘Runaway Horse’ Congests Traffic
## 
### 
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
NEW YORK( April 14 (UP).—The
unfamiliar cry, "Runaway horse!"
echoed along traffic-congested Park
Avenue today.
Pulling a fish wagon at top speed,
the horse skidded by taxicabs down
Fifty-first Street to Lexington Ave
nue. Detective Frank McFarland,
weight 235, dragged the horse to a
halt with a handclasp over the nos
trils.
