# Adv. 17 Page 5
## 
### 
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
YfSTSIIC
> VAIUT
.JWm.
M inW MENLOfARK
3214111
Exclusive Peninsula Engagement
Robert Redford
JEREMIAH JOHNSON
[guild
Nominated for
3 Academy Awards
YOUNG WINSTON
FINE ARTS mm |
C*M A.r.iut
PALO AL TO
Nominated for
4 Academy Awards
THE EMMIGRANTS
7:00, 9:40 _2
Cyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carlifle
J jEweLina
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
