# Film
## 
### 
Tuesday, July 8
The Stanford P ilm Society and the
Coffee House continue their ongo
ing series of independent film ex
hibitions. The showings start at 10
p.m. at the Coffee House and are
free and open to the public.
Tuesday, July 8
The Stanford P ilm Society and the
Coffee House continue their ongo
ing series of independent film ex
hibitions. The showings start at 10
p.m. at the Coffee House and are
free and open to the public.
Tuesday, July 8
The Stanford P ilm Society and the
Coffee House continue their ongo
ing series of independent film ex
hibitions. The showings start at 10
p.m. at the Coffee House and are
free and open to the public.
Tuesday, July 8
The Stanford P ilm Society and the
Coffee House continue their ongo
ing series of independent film ex
hibitions. The showings start at 10
p.m. at the Coffee House and are
free and open to the public.
