# Calendar
## Theater 
### 
July 10-27
The Department of Drama pre
sents Anton Chekhov's classic
comedy about unrequited love
and professional jealousies,
"Uncle Vanya." Vanya spends
his entire life working for his
brother-in-law, the Professor,
only to realize that the Profes
sor is a fraud. When the self-ab
sorbed Professor brings his
beautiful wife for a stay at the
country estate where Vanya
lives, passions erupt and be
trayals take place. Directed by
Jarek Truszczynksi, this pro
duction features James Shelby,
John Allen, Aleksandra Wolska
and Jeffrey Schwartz. It opens
July 10 and runs through July
27. Tickets cost $12 general, $9
students and are available at

the Tresidder box office or by
calling 725-ARTS.
July 10-27
The Department of Drama pre
sents Anton Chekhov's classic
comedy about unrequited love
and professional jealousies,
"Uncle Vanya." Vanya spends
his entire life working for his
brother-in-law, the Professor,
only to realize that the Profes
sor is a fraud. When the self-ab
sorbed Professor brings his
beautiful wife for a stay at the
country estate where Vanya
lives, passions erupt and be
trayals take place. Directed by
Jarek Truszczynksi, this pro
duction features James Shelby,
John Allen, Aleksandra Wolska
and Jeffrey Schwartz. It opens
July 10 and runs through July
27. Tickets cost $12 general, $9
students and are available at

the Tresidder box office or by
calling 725-ARTS.
July 10-27
The Department of Drama pre
sents Anton Chekhov's classic
comedy about unrequited love
and professional jealousies,
"Uncle Vanya." Vanya spends
his entire life working for his
brother-in-law, the Professor,
only to realize that the Profes
sor is a fraud. When the self-ab
sorbed Professor brings his
beautiful wife for a stay at the
country estate where Vanya
lives, passions erupt and be
trayals take place. Directed by
Jarek Truszczynksi, this pro
duction features James Shelby,
John Allen, Aleksandra Wolska
and Jeffrey Schwartz. It opens
July 10 and runs through July
27. Tickets cost $12 general, $9
students and are available at

the Tresidder box office or by
calling 725-ARTS.
July 10-27
The Department of Drama pre
sents Anton Chekhov's classic
comedy about unrequited love
and professional jealousies,
"Uncle Vanya." Vanya spends
his entire life working for his
brother-in-law, the Professor,
only to realize that the Profes
sor is a fraud. When the self-ab
sorbed Professor brings his
beautiful wife for a stay at the
country estate where Vanya
lives, passions erupt and be
trayals take place. Directed by
Jarek Truszczynksi, this pro
duction features James Shelby,
John Allen, Aleksandra Wolska
and Jeffrey Schwartz. It opens
July 10 and runs through July
27. Tickets cost $12 general, $9
students and are available at

the Tresidder box office or by
calling 725-ARTS.
