# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
INDIANS
I'd walk a mile for
my Mom and I know
you would too . . .
so remember that
Mother’s Day is next
Sunday and that R/A
has a great selection
of gifts to make her
whistle! And if you
are broke don’t
borrow from her ...
use the R A SUPER/
CHARGE and take
literally months
to pay!
KOOS ATKINS
