# The 						Village
## 
### 
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
. . . . will present an informal
"Basketball - ' dance Saturday eve
ning, Feb. 22, from 9:30 to 12:30 in
the Village gym.
Tickets for the dance, which will
follow the Stanford-U.C.L.A. bas
ketball game, are 55 cents.
The party will be open to all
Stanford and U.C.L.A. students.
Music will be furnished by the
Melody Masters, and refreshments
will be served.
