# MASQUERS WILL USE NEW LIGHTING SYSTEM
## 
### 
Spectacular lighting effects will fea
ture the three Masquers' plays which are
to be produced at Lagunita Thursday
evening. The place chosen for the pres
entation is particularly well adapted to
the use of various colored lights. With
the lake in the background, and foliage
draped about the stage, the effect will
be an innovation in campus dramatics.
The problem of furnishing electricity
to run the man yspotlights and floods
which will be used has been solved by the
use of a large cable which is being laid
from the pole near the men's boathousc.
I'ickets for the plays will remain on
sale at Wilson's campus store and at
Crandall's in Palo Alto throughout this
week. They will also be obtainable at
the entrance on Thursday evening. The
accommodations, however, are limited,
and the committee advises that all who
are planning to attend purchase their
tickets in advance. The price has been
set at 75 cents.
