# TWENTY-SEVEN NEW MEMBERS ELECTED TO PHI BETA KAPPA
## 
### 
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
Twenty-seven have been elected to
the honor of Phi Beta Kappa. Of this
number eleven are women. Those elect
ed include the following: Augustus
James Affleck, Wilson Arnett, Helen
Rouse Becker, Clifford Courtney Bunds,
Helen M. Burke, Mark Hanna Finley,
Milan Wayne Garrett, Mrs. Opal Gar
rett Gruner, Hazel Dorothy Hansen,
Arthur Jerome Harzfeld, Elizabeth
Hyde Holden, James Martin Holt, Gil
bert Henry Jertberg, George Card Kim
ber, Washington Butler LaForce, Ev
erett Seymour Layman, Lucille Joseph
ine Mahoney, Verda Manners, Marion
Llewellyn Rogers, Harrison Painter
Smith, Anna Florine Taber, Frederick
E. Terman, Ruth Irene Voris, Lois
Irene Williams, Philip Samuel Wil
liams, George William Williamson,
Robin Willis.
