# Untitled Article
## 
### 
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
IT is a relief to have a drive for old clothes rather than money. The
chances are that old clothes will prove to be more popular than a pecuniary
drive.
