# Briefly...
## 
### 
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
Chicano Poet
The Chicano poet Alurista will read some of
his work tonight at 7 in Zapata house.
Correction
In an editorial on the ASSU Senate which
was published yesterday Sen. Jim King was
incorrectly identified as Sen. Mike King.
