# SWB Asks For Records
## 
### 
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
Soldiers and sailors want modern
dance records, and the War Board in
conjunction with the Camp and Hos-

pital of the Palo
Alto Red Cross is
asking Stanford
students to donate
any used records,
they don't want. ;
according to Carol
Hurwitz, SWB co
ordinator.
One of Lhe Mof- \
fett Field outfits
has a phonograph

and only half a dozen old recordings,
according to Mrs. Dare Stark Mc-
Mullin of the Palo Alto Red Cross.
Any modern dance music will be ap
preciated by the Navy and help pass
the leisure time.
The men also, for training and ex
periment, need old radios or any
radio parts. Anything that goes into
the making of a radio will be wel
come.
Any students wishing to donate
records or radio parts may take them
to the War Board office any after
noon from 1 to 5.


Carol Ilurwitz
