# 'Special Day' Cast To Meet Saturday
## 
### 
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
A rehearsal for the Radio Work
shop cast of Archobolcr's "The Spe
cial Day" has been called for to
morrow afternoon from 1 to 3 in
Room M 204 of Memorial Audito
rium, according to Maxwell Keith,
director.
