# BUSH HEADS COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
Professor Chilton R. Bush, execu
tive head of the department of jour
nalism .recently headed a committee
which conducted a survey of 97,000
workers of three Kaiser Portland,
Ore., shipyards. The survey was di
rected toward postwar programs.
