# DEAN JOINS COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson of the Grad
uate School of Business has been ap
pointed member of a technical re
view commttee to assist the Califor
nia State Reconstruction and Re
employment Commission in develop
ing postwar plans.
