# Sororities Withdraw July, 1, 1944
## 
### 
National councils of the nine Pan
hellcnic groups have announced that
contracts and leases will be abro
gated July 1, 1944, withdrawing the
charters of sororities on the Stanford
campus. This action was taken in
conformity with the recommendation
of the committee of the Board of
Trustees that "steps be taken lead
ing to the discontinuance of sorori
lies," thus clearing the ground for
carrying into effect the second rec
ommendationâ€” "the unification of
women's housing under University
ownership and supervision."
Tlie decision of the national coun
cils was announced to a joint meet
ing of house presidents, alumnae ad
visers, and presidents of house cor
porations who met with representa
tives of the council at the home of
Mrs. W. B. Owens on the campus last
night.
Immediately following that meet
ing the officers adjourned to respec
tive chapter houses to explain the
action to undergraduate members.
