# W.A.A. Invites Campus To Sunday Open House
## 
### 
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
The facilities of the Women's Gym
will be open to the use of Stanford
students, faculty, and service men
this Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5.
according to Miss Pat Cashel, presi
dent of the W.A.A., the organization
sponsoring the open house. Tennis,
volleyball, swimming, dancing, and
badminton are offered at the Wom
en's Gym.
