# Lonely Girls Get Good News
## 
### 
Good news for soldiers and lonely
girls on campus was the revision of
SCU study hours to allow more free
time on Wednesday and Friday eve
nings. The new off-duty hours are
from 1700 to 2000 on Wednesday, and
from 1930 to 2230 on Friday. Since
the girls are permitted late hours on
Friday, the new setup should con
siderably increase attendance at the
Nitery and campus functions on Fri
day nights. Additional facilities for
non-conference study have been
provided in Room 122 of the Busi
ness School, which will be kept open
and lighted evenings. Men with buff
passes will be allowed to go to town
on both days, and all others will be
accorded the same privilege only on
Fridays, by special passes. Blue stig
men are excused from all supervise"
study on Friday.
