# Fresno Relays Held Tonight
## 
### JOHN FIGG-HOBLYN 
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
The Fresno Relays, being held to
night and tomorrow night at Fresno,
will probably prove to be a battle
ground between the champion Tro
jans of U.S.C. and the challenging
track stars of the Olympic Club.
The flying Trojans should win the
team honors of this one as they have
of all the other meets they have par
ticipated in to date. Regardless of
this fact the Men of Troy will be
closely pressed by the tracksters of
the Winged "O." who if they are
lucky stand a slight chance jf up
setting the Cromwellmen.
Olympic Club Strong
The Olympic Club, composed of
twenty-five men, for the first time
this .season has entrants in each
event. The quality and quantity of
this squad plus the fact that the nu
merous service and small college
teams, and the California and U.C.-
L.A. track squads, should together
garner a sizeable number of points,
will probably keep the Trojans' score
down within reach of the O.C. boys.
A large portion of the Olympic
Club's assembled collection of stars
has been derived from Stanford ath
letes. Among Stanford's representa
tives on the Olympic Club are John
ny Fulton, Ed Luce, and Johnny
Mottram.
Fulton Runs
Johnny Fulton, who has been en
tered as starting man in the two
mile, medley, and 880-yard relays,
should give quite a good showing of
himself, provided he doesn't get too
tired from such extensive running.
Stanford's Ed Luce, who has gone
over the six-two mark moi*e than
once this year in the high jump,
should also gather a number of
points for Dick Templeton's team.
