# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
6:10 p.m. — Values,
Technology and Society 152:
Social Implications of
Genetic and Behavioral
Technology
7 p.m. Campus
Conference: Marvin
Herrington, Director of
Stanford's Department of
Public Safety is questioned
by a panel of student
journalists.
7:30 p.m. — "Ondas
Chicanas" looks at recent
developments in programs at
the Mountain View helath
clinic.
8 p.m. - 1 "Sex, Love and
Utopia," Ernest van den Haag
