# NEW GRANT OFFERED
## 
### 
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
The Institute of
International Education has
announced a special
competition for a
Fulbright-Hays grant to Japan
in the field of journalism. The
competition is open to
qualified American journalists
or holders of a B-.A. degree
who plan a career in
journalism.
Interested persons should
contact Lee Zeigler, campus
F u 1 b r igh t adviser,
immediately.
