# Adv. 16 Page 6
## 
### 
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class natter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
