# TRAINING RULES FOR WOMEN
## Candidates for Tennis Team Will Agree to Retire at Early Hour. â€”Five Courts Available. 
### 
Training rules for the women ath
letes of the University is the latest
innovation made by the Tennis Com
mittee of the Women's Athletic As
sociation at its meeting yesterday
afternoon. The candidates for the
women's tennis team this semester
will be forccd to sign up in the ap
proved masculine style. The most
strenuous feature of the rules to
which they pledge themselves, is a
provision which sets an early hour
for retiring. For the rest they agree
to hold regular practices three times
a week on the five courts near Roblc
Hall which are now available for use.
Lists have been posted in the Wo
men's Rest Room, on the Quad, and
in the Roblc gymnasium, which all the
candidates for the team are expected
to It is presumed that the new
training rules will go into effect a
soon as the squad is organized.
