# Eastern Preachers to Speak.
## 
### 
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
Rev. Endicott Peabody, the founder
of the famous Groton school in Mass
achusetts, and Rev. James E. Free
man, Rector of St. Stephen's Church,
at onkers, New York, will speak in
the chapel on Thursday afternoon, at
4 o'clock.
