# 1908 Wants More Ball Players.
## 
### 
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
The Junior class held a meeting to
day for the purpose of getting more
baseball men out for the class team.
At present 1908 s prospects are very
poor, with only four men out on the
diamond. A committee, consisting of
K. L. Fenton, W. C. Theile, and H.
B. Menardi, was appointed to inter
view and make a list of the '08 ball
players.
