# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
The tennis men took their first step
in the right direction last year when
tliey forced all candidates for the Var
sity teams to observe training rnlr
and the present attempt to reorganize
the tennis club and to place it on the
same footing as other live organiza
tions is the continuance of a policy
which will go a long way to brin;

home a victory upon the courts.
Stanford's racket wielders are serious
ly handicapped both by the unusual
excellence of tennis material at the
University of California and the diffi
culty of practice with experts in San
Francisco. It is to be hoped that the
reorganized club will find some way
in which to bring the best players of
the State into closer touch with the
Stanford men and thus afford them
the training which has been so no
ticeably lacking during the last five
seasons.
