# Nestoria Meets Tonight.
## 
### 
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
Nestoria Literary Society will hold
its regular meeting this evening at
7:30. There will be an impromptu
debate 011 the subject, "Resolved,
That the present system of the Schol
arship Committee should be com
mended." The regular subject for
debate is, "Resolved, That the French
government was justified in expro
priating the property of the Catholic
Church of France." Affirmative—W.
H. Tucker, '07, H. W. Reed. '07, and
C. 1,. Geer, '07. Negative—N. F.
Bradley, '06, N. S. Yoder, '07, and W.
A. Beattie, '07.
