# IDG Will Present Speaker on Soviet
## 
### 
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
Instructors and professors have
been coaching the men to familiar
ize then) more with the situations
they will face in Europe.
