# Wallace Denounces U.S. Loans; Willing to Run for President
## 
### 
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 12 (UP).—
Henry A. Wallace said tonight mili
tary loans to France, Italy and Eng
land, as well as nations bordering
Russia, would lead to depression,
chaos and"finally revolution and
war."
"The one alternative," he said, "is
to use American money through the
UN for plows and tractors rather
than for guns and fighter planes."
Launching his domestic "fight for
peace" speaking tour, the former
Vice-President said "investment in
guns in Greece and Turkey" to off
set Russian influence is "the sheer
est nonsense." He spoke at the
Municipal Auditorium under spon
sorship of the Democratic-Farmer-
Labor party after a busy day in
which he:
1. Told a news confercnce that he
would be willing to run for the
Presidency if it would help "the lib
eral cause."
2. Denounced, in a luncheon
speech, President Truman's loyalty
test order for government employ
ees. He said the order was a $25,-
000,000 witch hunt" and charged
that the nation's anti - Communist
talk is a "disgrace."


HENRY A. WALLACE, politi
cian-turned-editor, has announced
he may run for President in 1048.
