# SCOUT MOVIES TONIGHT
## 
### 
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
Movies of interest to students en
gaged in scouting activities or plan
ning counselor work at boys' camps
will be shown this evening at 7:15
in room 2 of the Education Building
by Alpha Phi Omega, national serv
ice fraternity of former Boy Scouts.
