# SPANISH CLUB
## 
### 
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
President Francis X. Macgipinto
announced that Sigma Delta Pi. the
Spanish society, will hold a short
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
