# Summer Positions Now Listed With Employment Service
## 
### 
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
Tiie Student Employment Service*
recently announced several oppor
tunities for students to secure em
ployment during the summer. Those
interested should see Mrs. C!otilde
Edwards of that office for further
information.
The Minnesota Mining and Man
ufacturing Co. of St. Paul, Minn.,
has jobs for junior and senior
chemical engineers. Transportation
both ways will be paid in addition
to a good salary. Deadline for ap
plications is next Monday.
General Motors Corporation is
offering summer employment to en
gineers. The positions are open to
second-term juniors, seniors, and
graduate students majoring in me
chanical or chemical engineering or
meteorolog. and who have a "B"
average. The deadline is Feb. !(!.
Vacation jobs are open with fed
eral agencies to students majoring
in chemistry, engineering, mathe
matics, metallurgy, and physics
with a least.one year of study com
pleted by June. Students must also
pass the Student Aid examination
announced by the Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region. Those ful
filling all the requirements will
work in various agencies through
out California, Arizona, and Ne
vada at $8.78 to $10.48 a day.
Those who do well during the sum
mer have a chance for permanent
employment after graduation. Ap
plications should be turned in to
the Regional Director, Twelfth U.S.
Civil Service Region, 630 Sansome
Street. San Francisco, by next Mon
day.
Graduate students may obtain
work at the Los Alamos Scientific
Laboratories. Deadline is Feb. 15.
Cornell Aeronautical Laborato
ries, Buffalo, N.Y., is seeking elec
trical, aeronautical, and mechanical
engineers, chemists, and physicists
with three years of college.
