# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
Frankie Albert, San Francisco
Forty-Niner quarterback, has been
named the outstanding professional
football p:r.yer of 1948 by Sports
magazine.
