# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
The Blue and Gold, Cal's annual,
contains approximately 500 pages.
The Pelican, their humor maga
zine. usually runs about 40 pages.
