# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.

BENJAMIN J. DAVIS JR., (left), negro Communist
member of the New York City council; (ius Hall
(center), of Cleveland, Ohio state Communist chair
man: and Ilenry Winston (right), national organ
izing secretary, arrive at Federal Court House in

New York, where they arc among the 12 top Com
munist leaders facing trial. They are charged with
conspiracy to organize a party advocating overthrow
of the U.S. government by force and violence.
