# Stanford Mittmen Invade Santa Clara
## 
### 
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
The ancient Stamford plague—in
juries and sickness—has caught up
with the varsity boxing team, and
mentor Ray Lunny's Bronco-busting
aggregation will journey to Santa
Clara tonight minus at least one,
possibly two, of its top sluggers.
Heavyweight Mike Pelsinger, who
received a cut over the eye in last
week's Cal Poly melee, yesterday
added a bad cold to his list of mis
eries and definiately ill not see ac
tion in tonight's competition. Lunny
does not have another heavy on his
squad and will be forced to forfeit
this match to the Broncos.
Lunny also disclosed that Willie
Altus, outstanding performer in the
155-pound class, has fallen victim
to a strep throat and may not make
the trip down the peninsula. In the
event penicillin fails to heal Willie
in time, Pete Willet will assume the
Indian hopes in this division. Brcn
co freshman Bill Schanbacher will

provide the opposition in either
case.
Another freshman on Coach Bob
Weber's battling Bronco crew. Bob
Feuerbach, lias drawn probably the
toughest : • signment ot the evening,
that of fighting Card Fred Ten Eyck.
Ten Eyck went undefeated the
whole of last season at his 165-
pound spot and is probably the
classiest bov»r on the Indian squad.
Bob Hvuk..n. at the number one
145-pound spot for the Cards, will
be facing the lad Weber considers
the top man on his squad, Tom Mc-
Inerney. The second battle in this
division will see Farm soph Al An
derson gunning for his second win
as a varsity puncher against Bronco
Bill Sullivan.
