# Danish Radio Fans Ask Stanford Club for Aid
## 
### 
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
Radio amateurs in Denmark have
appealed to the Stanford Radio Club
for aid in acquiring transmitter
parts and other excess equipment.
The club will meet tonight at 7:30
at the Engineering corner to ar
range means of answering the ap
peal. All members are urged to
bring a list of the apparatus that
they can donate.
