# IIR Holds Initial Discussion Meet
## 
### 
All students interested in inter
national problems are invited to at
tend the first meeting of an llR
sponsored discussion group meeting
tonight at 7:30 in the lIR shark.
"We want all students interested to
come, not just the 'intellectuals'
and IR majors," said Werner Warm
brunn, committee chairman.
Warmbrunn and Bob Butow, both
graduate students in history, will be
on hand throughout the evening to
lead discussion and supply infor
mation so that participants in tht
discussion need not feel they are
arguing only on the basis of per
sonal opinions.
Topic for tomorrow's discussion
will be "China: Should the United
States Support Its Factions?" Re
freshments will be served.
Plans at present are for the group
to meet every other Wednesday
evening to discuss a pertinent in
ternational question. The lIR ad
vises students who plan to attend
future meetings to be sure to be
present at tomorrow's discussion.
