# PLAN DINNER FOR MEN OF 1908.
## Members of Class Are Arranging for Reunion and Smoker for Thursday Evening. 
### 
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
Owing to the fact that a large num
ber of 1908 men have returned to the
University for the present semester, a
class dinner, followed by a smoker,
will be given at the University Inn at
8 o'clock Thursday evening, September
17.
All men of this class in the vicinity
of the University may make arrange
ments for attending this dinner by
telephoning or leaving their names by
Tuesday, September 15, at the Inn. A
price of 75 cents a plate lias been
made. F. C. Woodward and L. \V. Bah
ney have been invited as guests <:f
honor. There are fifty or more 1908
men in college, a fact which bodes
well for the success of the dinner.
