# SOPHS. NOMINATE OFFICERS.
## Pittenger and Miller Running for Treasurer.â€”No Contests for Other Offices. 
### 
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
The first regular meeting of the
Sophomore Class was called to order
today by President J. E. Thompson.
The nominations for the semester's of
ficers were opened, the following be
ing named: For president, J. A. Visel,
by W. R. Pittenger, and B. W. Lee, Jr.,
by L. J. Hill; for vice-president, G.
Bevier; for secretary, Miss A. Ehren
berg; for treasurer, R. J. Miller and
W. R. Pittenger; for sergeant-at-arnn,
J. E. Thompson. J. A. Visel withdrew
his name from nomination, stating that
his studies would not permit the time
needed in case he was elected. The
election will be held on the quadran
gle next Wednesday, from 11:15 to 2
o'clock. Two election committees of
five men each will be appointed later.

A motion was carried to make the
officers the executive committee of the
class This is a new departure, which
will empower the officers to act im
mediately when the calling of a class
meeting is impossible.
