# Press Club to Entertain Irwin.
## 
### 
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO, one of Stan
ford's most prominent alumni and a
noted writer of humorous verse and
prose, will be on the campus for a few
hours next Monday as the guest of the
Press Club. A luncheon and informal
reception will be tendered to him at
the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house, where
members of the Press Club and invited
guests will have the opportunity if
meeting him.
