# Adv. 22 Page 5
## 
### 
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
«oiawMMUHaasaHHHaaBBHKV
ARE YOUR PARENTS
COMING FOR A
VISIT?
Here is the place they will want
to stay—to get excellent food
and courteous quick service
PHONE P.A. 4171
Hotel President
University Ave. and Cowpcr
