# KAPPA SIG PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of John Casey, '40, to
Kappa Sigma.
