# Daily Appoints New Reporters
## Nineteen Tryontees Win Staff Positions 
### 
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
Nineteen tryoutees were last night
appointed to Volume 93 of The Stan
ford Daily as reporters. They are:
Joan Allen, Barbara Barris, Ruth
Broy, George Buster, Robert Car
penter, Catherine Clack, Margaret
Conley. David Cuddy. Bruce Gran
tier, Jane Gwynne, Lester Loyd.
Milton Marks Jr.. Sherman Mel
linkoff, Mary June Montgomery,
Glenn Parker, Allan Perry. Robert
Stull. Marshall Weigel, and Betty-
Lou Van Dalsem.
The new reporters have been un
dergoing a tryout period during the
past week during which they have
been taught the essentials of news
writing. copyreading and proof
reading.
As reporters they will be expected
to work around the Shack two hours
a week and on United Press desk
once a week.
Appointments were made by the
editorial board consisting of editor,
managing editor, women's editoi - ,
and two associate editors.
