# Tammany District Leader Held
## 
### 

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.

ALBERT MARINELLI, Tammany district leader in New York, as lie
pleaded not guilty in Federal Court on a six-count indictment, charg
ing him with unlawfully harboring Charles Falci. a fugitive from Fed
ora! Justice. Recently under fire from Special Prosecutor Thomas E.
Dewey's office, Marinelli resigned as New York County Clerk.
