# Quads.
## 
### 
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
—There are only three men try
ing for positions in the mile.
Trainer Moulton Ravs that he can

use a much larger number of dis
tance men than he now has at his
command.
—Miss Beta French will lead the
missionary meeting of the Y. W.
C. A. in the chapel at 4:30 Tues
day afternoon.
—Professor L. M. Hoskins of the
Department of Mathematics was
called away from the University
yesterday by the illness of his
father. His classes are in charge
of Professor C. D. Marx and In
structor Manning.
