# Return Concert on Friday.
## 
### 
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin
Clubs, concert will be held in the
Assembly Hall on Friday, January
23d. Tickets will be on sale on
quad and at the Bookstore on the
campus, and at the Palace Phar
macy in Palo Alto tomorrow morn
ing.
