# Thief Absconds With TMU Safe
## 
### 
An unknown thief or unidentified
thieves entered Tresidder Memorial
Union early Sunday morning and es
caped with over $4,000 in small bills.
In what Stanford Police Chief Davis
termed "the first serious theft in
some years," the large safe in ac
countant Paul Hopkin's office was
blown open and a smaller safe inside
removed and dragged down the back
Tresidder stairs, chipping and crack
ing them in the process.
Tresidder director Dr. Berry re
marked that "regardless of what we
do in the way of security something
will break down eventually." Though
stating that the offices were in the
process of having lock changes and
that their security measures would be
reviewed by the police, he said he
did not care to discuss those mea
sures because "obviously we would

not want to make ourselves a target"
for future thefts.
The crime would normally have
been discovered early Sunday when
students examine the books to deter
mine what cash is necessary for the
day's transactions. But on Saturday
Berry had decided there were suffi
cient funds, and the normal proce
dure was altered.
Berry took solace in the fact that
student checks which were also in
the safe were bypassed as non-negoti
able, and while the money is insured
apparently the checks would not have
tw^n.
Serious criminal cases as this one
are turned over to the Santa Clara
Sheriff's office, but the deputy in
charge of this case has not had a
chance to study fully the Tresidder
theft.
