# Office Processes Credit Petitions
## 
### 
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
Petitions for evaluation of
credit are being processed in the
Registrar's Office, according to
Haney Hall, registrar.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have attended col
lege elsewhere may petition to
have the credit added to their
Stanford records. Hall said.
Forms are available at the In
formation Desk, Room 111 A.
through Oct. 24.
