# Profs Back Teaching Evaluation
## 
### 
Practically all Stanford's
professors (97 percent) believe
teaching should be regularly
evaluated, and most (87 percent)
have had their own classroom
work evaluated at least once by
students.
Nearly three out of four (71
percent) now believe teaching is
worth less than it should be, in
comparison to research and
publication, when it comes to
decisions regarding promotion and
tenure.
These findings emerge from a
random sample survey of 100
professors, conducted last winter
and spring with financial support
from the University Fellows.
Interviews were conducted by
Charlene Gay, now a member of
the Statistics Department staff,
and summarized by Assoc. Prof.
Bradley Efron, a University
Fellow in the same department.
When asked what method of
evaluation they preferred for
teaching, a bare majority (51
percent) favored student
evaluation, three percent chose
evaluation by their professorial
colleagues, and 45 percent said
both methods.
"I definitely feel we should
have student evaluation, but have
mixed feelings about senior
colleagues sitting in my class when
I don't have tenure," one younger
teacher commented.
