# Symphony Orchestra Ready for Concert This Evening
## 
### 
But few tickets remain for the Palo
Alto Symphony Orchestra concert this
evening in the Stanford Assembly Hall.
As the Stanford Bookstore and Wein
gartner's establishment in Palo Alto
report a great demand for the admis
sion pasteboards, a capacity house is
anticipated.
If any tickets are left these may be
obtained at the door before the con
cert opens. Last year over a hundred
persons were turned away, although
there were unclaimed seats, the reason
for this being that those who had tick
ets and could not go forgot to pass
them on to someone who could attend.
A number of Stanford students and
faculty members are included in the
corps of sixty-five talented musicians
who compose the orchestra. John
Kimber, '17, is conductor of the or
chestra. while A. C. Kimber, '18 is its
manager.
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the
opening number of tonight's program.
