# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
A son was born to the wife of Ham
ilton Murray, '12, on November 13.
Murray was graduated from the Edu
cation department and belongs to the
Cardinal Club.
