# Where Mexican Earthquake Wrought Havoc
## 
### 

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1

View of the town and harbor of .Manzanillo, principal Mexican PacilUT (coast port, which was shaken by one of the
rongest earthquake shocks ever to visit that section of tlyi country. Many buildings were thrown down and othoi
.mage was done.
1
