# THREE ATTEND ENGINEERS' MEET
## 
### 
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
Stanford w;is represented by three |
members of the School of Engineering
faculty at the meeting of the Society
for the Promotion of Engineering Edu
cation, held at Corvdli.s, Oregon, last
week. They were A. B. Domonoske,,
Eugene L. (irant, and Frederick E.
Termar. All three participated in the
program.
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Kamaka of'
Honolulu have a daughter named Anna '
Kall ;muenu< ikamakaopuailunakeaou- I
lilani.
