# Elizabeth Wilbur Visiting Mother At Campus Home
## 
### 
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
Miss Elizabeth Wilbur, Stanford '27,
has arrived on the campus for a visit i
with her mother, Mrs. Elene Wilbur.
She will take the leading part in the l
play, "She Got Away With It," which j
will be given in Palo Alto on July 22
and 23 for the benefit of the Humane j
Society. Mrs. Wilbur and Professor
Henry David Gray of the English de- !
partment arc the authors of the com
edy.
