# Med School Skin Study Launched
## 
### 
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
A possible link between blood
circulation of llin skin and cer
tain skin disorders is being stud
ied in a now constant-tempera
tore bedroom in the School of
Medicine.
