# Professor's Book Published Recently
## 
### 
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
James D. MacConnell, associate
professor of education, has re
cently had a book, "Planning for
School Buildings," published by
Prentice-Hall, Inc.
MacConnell is director of Ihe
School Planning Laboratory, es
tablished at Stanford to assist
school administrators, school
board members and teachers in
the West with school building
problems.
