# Vaccination Slips Are Due Monday
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
Vaccination certificates for new
students are duo in the Regis
trar's Office Monday, April 20.
There is a $2 fine for late filing.
If the certificates are not in by
May 6. a student's registration is
subject to cancellation.
