# 'Y' Picks Contact Women for Drive
## 
### 
Martha Phillips, Y.W.C.A. presi
dent, announced today the appoint
ment of one girl form each living
group on campus to act as "con
tactor" with the women in her
house. They will make announce
ments, sell tickets, act as "middle
men" during the finance drive, and
make all direct contacts with the
student body.
Those selected, and the houses
they represent are: A. O. Pi, Mar
gery Gunn; Alpha Phi, Irma Hazel
tine; Chi Omega, Jean Crook; Tri
Delt, Bobbe Sadler; Delta Gamma,
Tat Guerena; Gamma Phi, Libby
Eastman; Kappa, Ethel Hoover; Pi
Phi, Peggy Perring, and Theta,
Geraldine Hughes.
Madrono, Janice Grey; Manzanita,
Mary Lou Hyatt; Union, Mildred
Bevil; Roble, Rosemarie Mullany;
Lagunita: Casa Magnolia, Louise
Goldman; Eucalypto, Lucille Thorpe;
Olivo, Winnie Eaton; Adelfa, Hope
Braum; and Naranja, Yvonne
Squellati.
Chairman in charge of the whole
group and the co-ordination of their
activities is Betty Huebner.
