# BRITISH AID GREEKS
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
LONDON, Oct. 30 (UP).—British
warships, striking their first blow
in aid of Greece, have mined stra
tegic western and southern waters
off the Greek coast to protect Ath
ens from assault from the sea, the
Admiralty said today. British mines
were said to have closed off the
gulfs of Patras, Corinth and Aegina.
