# Engineering Exam Applications Due
## 
### 
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
Feb. 10 is Ihe deadline for sen
iors specializing in electrical en
gineering to file applications to
take the state examination for
junior electrical engineers, ac
cording to the State Personnel
Board.
Information and forms may be
obtained from ihe Board office in
San Francisco or from any office
of the Department of Employ
ment.
