# GOPs to Hear Industry's View
## 
### 
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
"Industry Looks at '56 Politics"
will bo the subject of an address
given by Rus Walton to the Re
publican Caucus of the Political
Union this afternoon at 3:45.
Walton is the assistant mana
ger, Western division, of the Na
tional Association of Manufactur
ers.
The meeting will be held in the
alumni room of the Women's
Clubhouse. Selection of delegates
for the Los Angeles convention is
also scheduled.
