# Libe Fountain Reactivated
## 
### 

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne

BUBBLES AGAIN—The main Library fountain is once more in
action after several years of drought. Men from the Grounds
Department replaced a broken pump in the fountain during the
summer. —Daily photo by Jack Byrne
