# Twelve to Receive Ram's Head Honor
## 
### 
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
Ram's Head, honorary dramatic
society, will hold its first meet
ing of the year today at 5 p. m.
in the Rams' Head room in Me
morial Hall.
All members are asked to at
tend this meeting, since member
ship pins will be distributed,
states Lois Williams, president.
Those who will receive pins
include: Peggy Fitts, John High,
Corinnc Wollman, Carl Data, Joan
Hubbard, Jack Taylor, Mickey
Garms, Judy Shrader, Sue Shel
don, Jean Stroud, Ellen Marcus,
and Miss Williams.
