# Klahoya Greets Off-Campus Girls
## 
### 
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
Audrey Jacobs, president of
Klahoya greeted one of the largest
groups of off-campus girls to as
semble in recent years with the sug
gestion that Klahoya Club (for non
residence women) could serve as a
medium of exchange with living hall
women as well as be a common so
cial interest among themselves.
The group decided to continue the
Tuesday noon meetings in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Dessert and a drink will be served
at each meeting.
Klahoya women in previous years
have maintained a sitting room on
upper floor of thd* clubhouse for
studying and their general conven
ience which has served as a "home
on campus."
Social events and other activities
I will be planned at subsequent meet
ings.
