# FILM PLAYERS MARRIED
## 
### 
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
LAS VEGAS, Nev., April 9. (/P) —
Rex Lease, film player, and Eleanor
Louise Hunt, actress, were married
here today by District Judge Wil
liam E. Orr.
BERKELEY, April 9. (/I 3 ) —W. W.
Monohan, graduate manager of the
University of California, today an
nounced reappointment of C. M.
("Nibs") Price as basketball coach
for 1932.
