# FROSH RACKETMEN MEET U.C. CUBS ON COURTS TOMORROW
## 
### 
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
Expecting far more competition
than heretofore this season, the
freshman racket wielders will meet
California on the local courts to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock. The
Bear yearlings are rated on a par
with Captain Chuck Otis' crew, and
will be no easy meat for the Stan
ford outfit.
Otis will be a hard nut to crack,
however, and the other five singles
players are expected to provide
plenty of competition for the Berke
ley babes. Supporting Otis will be
Monte Shwayder, Dan Ellis, A1 Bo
gan, Alden Sadler, and Kelley
Thorpe, while two more netmen will
be added to aid in the doubles. Otis
and Ellis are the prize performers
in the two-man event, with Kneis
ley and Johnson second, and Bogan
and Shwayder third.
Four l'ankings have been altered
by ladder matches in the past week,
the main change taking place with
Sadler's defeat of Thorpe, formerly
number five man. Scoring a decisive
win, the present fifth man caught
Thorpe off his game and breezed
through at 6-1, 6-3. Phil Kneisley
took on Joe Melczer to grab seventh
position, 6-3, 6-2.
