# NEW SEQUOIA REGIME PLANS FOR WIDER SCOPE
## New Features are Being Contemplated for Next Semester's Issues 
### 
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
Renewed interest will doubtless be
manifested by the entire; .Stanford
student body in the "Sequoia." now
that it lias been entrusted to the care
of the English club". J. L. Duff, *13,
the editor for next year, ami C. F.
Paul, '13, the new business manager,
are making elaborate plans for it
publication, and intend to restore it
to its former standard of excellence,
when it ranked high among college
literar.N publications. Lately the
"Sequoia" lias declined owing to lack
'of support, until it no longer repre
sents the true ability of Stanford
talent.
Several new features are being con
templated, chief among them being the
adding to the table of contents of
brief accounts of the achievements of
our prominent alumni. ('. F. Paul also
expects to return to the bicolored
cover of fornn r days, if he can extend
!"
club i; going to make every effort to
place an up-to-date, lively magazine
before the students.
