# Gaby Deslys Married.
## 
### 
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
Gaby Deslys, t,ho celebrated
dancer, who gained world-wide
renown by jilting King Manuel
ol' Portugal, was married today
to Harry Pilcer, an American.
