# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Human Jesus and the Mythi
cal Christ."
