# PROFESSOR LEARNED TO PREACH IN PALO ALTO
## 
### 
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
Dr. Henry Learned of the History
Department will occupy the pulpit at
the Unitarian Church in Palo Alto
next Sunday.
