# WINS $20,000
## 
### 

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.

Freddy Frame, winner of the 5(50-
mile international automobile race
which resulted in two bad smash -
ups, who stands a chance of win
ning $250,000 by his racing this year.
