# STANFORD INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION
## KEY TO DIAGRAM 
### 
NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

NSA—National Students' Associa
tion
ASSU— Associated Students of
Stanford University
Hit — Institute of International
Relations
IlHi — International Discussion
Group
ISC — International Survey Com
mittee
SlltO—Students' International Itc
lief Organization
UNESCO — United Nations Edu
cational, Scientific, and Cultu
ral Organization
"I" Club —International Club
ICC — International Conference
Committee

