# Band to Perform At Alum Rallies
## 
### 
As in former years, the Stanford
Band will march in the Big Game
Parade and then board two Grey
hound buses for San Francisco to
play at as many alumni rallies of
both Stanford and California grads
as there is time for. The main gath
ering at which the band is to per
form is the Stanford Medical Asso
ciation rally at the Palace Hotel.
The band will wear their new
uniform coats which are cardinal
red with white trimming and gold
buttons Friday night and also Sat
urday at the game, but they will
continue to appear in their old
white pants.
The band expects to run into the
Cal band at some of the hotels in
San Francisco and "battle it out
musically" as they have done in
former years, according to band
manager Bill Warren.
