# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
JUNE
6
ENDS IT ALL
UNTIL then you can
buy a Phelps - Terkel
suit for $29.59 -
$33.50 — $36.50; our
"Own Design" collar,
broadcloth shirt for
$1.75; flannel trousers
for $6.75. A score of
other bargains.
Better climb on the
"gravy train" right
now.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA STREET
