# Y.W.C.A. GROUP MEETS
## 
### 
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
A meeting of the student-in-in
dustry group of Stanford women
who plan to work during the sum
mer will be held Wednesday eve
ning at 7 o'clock in the Y.W.C.A.
rooms on the third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
