# PAULY ENGAGED
## 
### 
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
Miss Mary Heineinan announces |
her engagement to Fred M. Pauly, j
'31, Phi Gamma Delta. Miss Heine
man is a member of the U.C.L.A. ;
chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theia
sorority.
