# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
Tlieta Delta Chi announces the
lodging of Frank Otis Moneyhun,
4.
