# Cards to Meet Cal in Debate
## U.S. Isolation Policy Will Be Discussed 
### 
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
Presenting the problem-solving
debate, an unusual type of l'orensic
argument, Stanford will meet Uni
versity of California tomorrow after
noon at 4:15 o'clock in the audi
torium of the Education Building.
Robert Putnam, debate manager,
announces that the public is in
vited.
The topic for discussion is: "Re
solved, that the United States should
follow a policy of strict economic
and military isolation toward all na
tions outside the Western Hem
isphere engaged in armed interna
tional or civil conflict," Frank Mal
lory and Milton Marks, who repre
sented the Farm in the San Quentin
debate last year, will handle the in
troduction and the negative side for
Stanford.
The outstanding feature of this
type of debating is the cross-ques
tioning of speakers. Following the
introduction, the case for the affirma
tive is presented, then the negative
side, after which comes the cross
questioning and the summary.
