# DE VRIES TELLS OF FREEDOM IN FRANCE FOR THE 'CARDINAL'
## 
### 
With the question of the prestige
and power of France on the continent
of Europe, and its influence on the
League of Nations and world politics
one of the burning problems of rhe
hour, the article by Professor Louis
P. de Vries, of the French Department,
on "The Progress of Freedom in
France," in the January issue of the
Cardinal, is especially timely.
Professor de Vries has made an
especial study of the subject, and dis
cusses in broad terms the influence
that France has played in spreading
freedom throughout the modern world
during the last thousand years. He
shows how the modern ideas of re
action, and the wildest forms of revo
lutionary thought have sprung from
the conflict* in France. His article
