# PHI DELTA THETA
## 
### 
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
President, Bob Brazier; vice
president, Bob Nicolet; social
chairman, Phil Weigand; secre
tary, Bob Parks; rush chairmen,
Jim Backstrand, Bruce Knapps.
