# Fall Salvage Drives Prove Successful
## 
### 
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
Rags, paper, old clothes, metal,
rubber and paper have been collect
ed in large quantities in salvage
drives throughout Fall Quarter, ac
cording to Breen Ratterman, salvage
chairman.
With the cooperation of the Salva
tion Army the salvage was collected
twice during the quarter, with an
encouraging yield of waste paper,
vitally nerded for ammunition cases.
The rubber and metal collected is
sold for reprocessing by the Salva
lion Army.
Though much of the paper and old
clothes came from campus halls, most
of the salvage was collected from
private homes. "The halls have fal
len down on the job," Miss Ratter
man :;aid.
