# Date Coordinator War Board Duty
## 
### 
Reporting on the activities of the
U.S.O'. for autumn quarter, Lucy
Vance, W.B. social co-ordinator,
stated that the main activity has
been the entertaining on- and off
campus service men, and arranging
dates for service men.
Several living groups have enter
tained men stationed at Mofi'ett Field
at Sunday afternoon open houses,
and about 150 men from bases in the
Bay Area were invited to the Lagu
nita - Union formal held several
weeks ago.
The latest activity, Miss Vance
said, is the Del Monte tea dance,
Sunday afternoon, to which 90 Stan
ford women have been invited.
Army dancing lessoijs have been
carried on every Thursday night
this quarter under the direction of
Maria Rael.
A new social policy was inaugu
rated this quarter when War Board
arranged for men who called living
groups for blind dates to meet the
girls before they went out. Double
dates were also advocated by the so
cial co-ordinator.
