# GRADUATE DIES IN NEW YORK MAY 29
## 
### 
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
Katherine Maddox Montgomery, '24,
who was attending Columbia Univer
sity this year, died in New York on
May 29. Miss Montgomery transferred
to Stanford from the University of
Arizona in 1921, and graduated here
in the English department. She was a
member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority.
