# Dr. Jordan Elected President of Council
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Chancellor
Emeritus of the University, was elect
ed acting president of the Southern
California Council on International Re
lations. The election occurred last
week during a luncheon at the Los
Angeles City Club.
