# ANOTHER VIEWPOINT
## 
### 
Although realism is evidently one of
the fundamental canons of the modern
dramatic art, is it really necessary to
produce a play so superabundantly
furnished with objectionable profanity
as "Hell-Bent fer Heaven." I am quite
aware that profanity is liberally used
by the male section of the Stanford
student body but it seems rather un
fortunate that such a play should be
produced before an audience so large
ly composed of women and girls. In an
evening supposedly devoted to intellec
tual enjoyment one cannot but deplore
that women and girls should be forced
to listen to such large quantities of
disagreeable and unhealthy language.
It is to be hoped that the dramatic
department will not again be guilty of
the bad taste to produce a play so
offensive to the sensitiveness of its
audience. â€”X. Y. Z.
