# DRAMA CLASS GIVES TWO PLAYS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Two plays will be presented to the
public by Miss Buckingham's class in
Public Speaking, tonight, in the Little
Theatre. They are "Makeshifts," writ
ten by Gertrude Robins, and "Never
theless," by Stuart Walker. "Make
shifts" is being directed by Edmund
Spellacy, with the following in the
cast: Fay Gilbert as Carolyn Parker,
Dorothy Levison as Dolly Parker,
Frank Greene as Albert Smythe, and
Bill Decker as Mr. Thompson.
"Nevertheless," directed by Mrs.
Catlin, is one of a series of Portman
teau plays, which treats incidents in
daily life with a rare and delicate
charm. There are three characters in
the play. The Girl, played by Marion
Seale; The Burglar, by John Walker;
and The Boy, by Herbert' F. Smith.
These plays are the first of a series
to be presented by the class during
the summer, and are open to the public
without charge.
