# HOLMAN DEFEATED IN TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
Cranston Holman, of Stanford, run
ner-up for the intercollegiate tennis
championship this year, met defeat
before Earl Pfaffman, former Harvard
University tennis captain, at Brook
line, Mass., In the annual Longwood
Bowl singles tournament on July 14.
The scores were 6-1, 2-6, 7-5.
