# NOTICE
## 
### 
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
Dr. Jacques Hadamard, Professor of
Analytical Mechanics at College de
France and Professor of Analysis at
l'Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, will
give four lectures at Stanford during
the period May 20-23. "Huygen's Prin
ciple" will be the general subject of
the lectures. The time and place of the
'lectures will be anounced later.

A skeleton was recently stolen from
the Biology department at Lafayette
'College.
