# ECONOMICS SOCIETY PLANS STAG PICNIC
## 
### 
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
Plans have been made by the Men's
Economics Club for a stag picnic to be
held on Sunday afternoon, June 7, at
Woodside. R. D. Cocn, president of the
organization, has secured the use of a
private ranch for the afternoon.
Professors M. S. Wildman, A. C.
Whitaker, and H. C. Guest of the Eco
nomics department will be the faculty
members at the picnic. An initiation of
new men, and a final get-together of the
members are the main purposes of the
entertainment.
D. L. Fuller is in charge of the re
freshments, while R. C. Draper is work
ing out the transportation for the aft
ernoon. The picnic is chedulcd to start
at 11 o'clock and will end at 6 in the
evening.
