# Fitch Elected to Conference
## 
### 
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
At a special meeting of Skull and
Snakes last evening, H. Fitch, 08,
was elected delegate to the Presi
dent's Conference.
