# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
GRADUATES I
THEY RE HERE!
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown
Break with Stanford tra
dition: buy them early—
but stick to tradition and
buy them here.
Wals"ber„s
355 University Ave.
i
