# Personnel Office Lists Open Jobs
## 
### 
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
Mrs. Irene Coverley, head of the
Student Employment Oflicc, yester
day announced the following job
openings:
There are several jobs open to
male students who live in or near
Fresno and who have done manual
labor on construction work pre
viously. These jobs are on a con
struction crew. Also there are sev
eral similar positions open to stu
dents living in or about Sacramento.
Several hashing jobs are available
to students who will be on campus
during the summer quarter. A po
sition is still open to any man or
woman interested in watching a
three-year-old child a few hours ev
ery day.
A call is out for ushers for com
mencement. The last job is for three
male vocalists who are also fairly
tall and good ballroom dancers.
