# Final Tennis Round Postponed
## 
### 
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
Final round in Stanford's annual
All-University tennis tournaments,
originally scheduled for Monday
received another postponement yes
terday afternoon when quarter
finalist Bob Low announced that due
to an impending examination he
would not be able to meet his op
ponent, Jim Seaver, in their slated
semi-final match.
According to Jim Seaver, Low and
he plan to meet at about 2 o'clock
tomorrow to play off their semi
final round and from there the win
ner of the match will go on to meet
finalist Lloyd Gates in a three-out
of-five set final round sometime Fri
day afternoon.
In addition, Tennis Manager Bob

Putnam last night noti t.ed all stu
dents to sign up in ei< f 'ner gym for
positions in the //11-University
Mixed Doubles tourna 3 lent which is
scheduled to begin Monday at 2
o'clock. I
Players signing up for the tour
nament see Putnam,
