# Pool Open to Campus Three Days Weekly
## 
### 
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
The Women's Pool will Ik* open
to women for recreational swim
ming on Tuesday and Friday from
3 to 4 and on Wednesday from 5
to <>. according to Mrs. Marie
Fenner. The W.A.A. may also
open the pool on Saturday morn
ings.
It be open to men as well as
women during Summer Quarter
unless the W.A.A. changes the
ruling, said Mrs. Fenner.
