# VICTOR, VANQUISHED IN OPEN MATCH
## 
### 

Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.


Harold 'Jug' McSpaden (left) youthful Kansas City, Kansas,, profes
sion,•»!, won the fifth annual Open Match Play golf tournament in San
Francisco. In the finals he defeated Harry Cooper, another outstanding
match player.

