# PRESENTS SPECIAL VOCATION ARTICLES
## 
### 
(Editor's Note:—The following
article was prepared specially for
the Daily by the Vocational (iuid- |
ance office with the view of pre
senting openings in various fields.
Other articles will follow from
time to time.)
Of the vocational fields which
offer opportunities for advancement
to trained college men and women,
most of these are lesser known, i
more highly specialized vocations
which require particular knowledge
and training.
In many parts of the United States
there Ls a great oversupply in the
standard callings —of storekeepers,
lawyers, tf-.chers, real estate men
t-.iri undertakers—while there is a
deplorable undersupply of men who
are skilled in the more specialized
fields.
There is need for men who are
trained in terracing hill farms to
prevent erosion, who can breed game
birds, help in community organiza
tion, manage the development and j
operation of small waterpower;
plants for local use, or operate co- j
operatives and small industries.
