# Arab Prince May Become Farm 'Rough'
## 
### LORRY LOKEY 
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
If Papa and Farm officials say yes,
Stanford may have a royal student
on campus shortly, San Francisco
Examiner reporter Bob Sontag dis
closed yesterday to the Daily.
Prince Nawaf A 1 Saud, son of
Arabia's King Ibn A 1 Saud, told a
group of reporters he wanted to
take his college education in the
United States if his father ap
proved. The 14-year-old prince ex
pressed a desire to attend Stanford
because he was so impressed with
the Farm when he visited here two
years ago while the United Nations
met in San Francisco.
PRINCE VACATIONING
The prince arrived aboard a spe
cial railroad car at the Oakland de
pot yesterday. Sontag said the boy
was vacationing in this country by
making an educational tour through
most of the states.
Assad A 1 Faquih, Arabian ambas
sador to the United States, is ac
companying his royal charge across
the country, Sontag added.
All members in the Arabian party
dressed in native robes. Under these
robes they wore Western business
suits.
INSTRUCTED BY TUTOR
The prince had a private tutor in
Arabia, and his education now is
nearly that of a high school grad
uate.
Members of royal families are not
new here at Stanford. Director of
Information Frederick O. Glover
said Nasserdin Jehanbani, an Ira
nian of royal blood, attended Stan
ford last spring and lived at the
Village. He will return to the cam
pus in the fall.
