# Munk Hospitalized
## 
### 
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
A 1 Munk, sports editor of The
Daily, entered Palo Alto Hospital
yesterday afternoon because of a
recurring leg injury sustained while
skiing last winter.
