# Untitled Article
## 
### 
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
H. M. Whitmore, ex-'O2, the fore
man of the University Press job
rooms, now rides to work in a Stude
baker, which he has recently pur
chased.
