# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
The University community is
proud of its fine buildings and
among them the new Library which
is rapidly nearing completion. The
charm of these buildings has lain
to a large extent to their compara
tive freedom from gaudiness. The
new Library gave every indication
of being one of our most beautiful
buildings, but the addition of the
cigar-wrapper mosaic pictures on
the front and ends cheapens and
spoils the whole effect. The costly
building loses its imposing appear
ance, and is relegated toward the
exposition class. From being a
thing of pride, these additions
change the building to an object
of ridicule. That they are costly
from a money standpoint is evi
dent; that they are cheap looking
and spoil the appearance of the
whole building iB also evident.
