# Freshman Cards Offer Economy
## 
### 
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
Class cards will go on sale to
freshmen wil hi n llioir living
groups loday. The sale of the
$5.0(1 cards, which makes tho
holder a member of tho class
entitled lo reduced prices for
class activities, will last until
Feb. 19.
Card sale C h a i rm a n Peter
Hoagland reminds freshmen that
sophomores have saved $2,150 with
their class cards, which have cov
ered two dances, a picnic, and a
reunion, and that the benefits of
a class card are numerous. News
letters, the Study Break, class
sponsored dances, and get-to
gethers such as Senior Happy
Hours will be financed, in whole
or in part, by class cards.
Business Manager Gil Poole
stresses the importance of a
treasury for the class to insure
successful functions. Stating a
basic law of economics, he told
the Ex-Com, "We cannot do any
thing without money!"
