# Untitled Article
## 
### 
-—A fatal hicycle accident oc
curred near Mountain View la>t
night, in which David Arata Inst
11 is life. Arata and Dan Murphy,
hoth ranchers, met in head-tin
collision and the former met in
stant, death. Murphy was hadlv
injured.
-—A fatal hicycle accident oc
curred near Mountain View la>t
night, in which David Arata Inst
11 is life. Arata and Dan Murphy,
hoth ranchers, met in head-tin
collision and the former met in
stant, death. Murphy was hadlv
injured.
-—A fatal hicycle accident oc
curred near Mountain View la>t
night, in which David Arata Inst
11 is life. Arata and Dan Murphy,
hoth ranchers, met in head-tin
collision and the former met in
stant, death. Murphy was hadlv
injured.
-—A fatal hicycle accident oc
curred near Mountain View la>t
night, in which David Arata Inst
11 is life. Arata and Dan Murphy,
hoth ranchers, met in head-tin
collision and the former met in
stant, death. Murphy was hadlv
injured.
-—A fatal hicycle accident oc
curred near Mountain View la>t
night, in which David Arata Inst
11 is life. Arata and Dan Murphy,
hoth ranchers, met in head-tin
collision and the former met in
stant, death. Murphy was hadlv
injured.
-—A fatal hicycle accident oc
curred near Mountain View la>t
night, in which David Arata Inst
11 is life. Arata and Dan Murphy,
hoth ranchers, met in head-tin
collision and the former met in
stant, death. Murphy was hadlv
injured.
