# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Celina
Martinez i
Congratulations to our beautiful
daughter. We are so proud of you and
what you have accomplished. We wish
you happiness and success throughout
I
your life. Always have God in your
heart. We love you!
—Mom and Dad
i
•• ••Sfc-55*h'•» ft H ' '• \*■'k-fw;
Celina
Martinez i
Congratulations to our beautiful
daughter. We are so proud of you and
what you have accomplished. We wish
you happiness and success throughout
I
your life. Always have God in your
heart. We love you!
—Mom and Dad
i
•• ••Sfc-55*h'•» ft H ' '• \*■'k-fw;
Celina
Martinez i
Congratulations to our beautiful
daughter. We are so proud of you and
what you have accomplished. We wish
you happiness and success throughout
I
your life. Always have God in your
heart. We love you!
—Mom and Dad
i
•• ••Sfc-55*h'•» ft H ' '• \*■'k-fw;
Celina
Martinez i
Congratulations to our beautiful
daughter. We are so proud of you and
what you have accomplished. We wish
you happiness and success throughout
I
your life. Always have God in your
heart. We love you!
—Mom and Dad
i
•• ••Sfc-55*h'•» ft H ' '• \*■'k-fw;
Celina
Martinez i
Congratulations to our beautiful
daughter. We are so proud of you and
what you have accomplished. We wish
you happiness and success throughout
I
your life. Always have God in your
heart. We love you!
—Mom and Dad
i
•• ••Sfc-55*h'•» ft H ' '• \*■'k-fw;
Celina
Martinez i
Congratulations to our beautiful
daughter. We are so proud of you and
what you have accomplished. We wish
you happiness and success throughout
I
your life. Always have God in your
heart. We love you!
—Mom and Dad
i
•• ••Sfc-55*h'•» ft H ' '• \*■'k-fw;
