# Untitled Article
## 
### 
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
After careful consideration on the
part of the coach and captain, Varsity
rugby leader, James H. Thoburn, dis
abled by an injury received in the be
ginning of the training season, has
been forced to relinquish his active
field duties and place them on the
shoulders of another. Actuated by
a sense of self-sacrifice and loyalty
to his team and the university, the in
jured captain unavailingly strove to
recover from his injury in time to
take up his responsibilities on the
field. Realizing that his condition
would not permit his participation in
the big game, "Jimmy" has given ovei
the field control to William P. Darsie,
a veteran of the 1912 match with Cali
fornia. No better man could be found
to direct the team in this emergency
than "Bill" Darsie.
The new field director has the con
fidence of every player and supporter
of the team. The sympathy of every
follower of rugby goes out to the in
jured captain who has always been
looked upon as a worthy leader, capa
ble of taking his place on the honor
roll of the men who have lead the
Cardinal in contests of the past.
