# Economics Students To Hold Smoker.
## 
### 
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
The Economics Majors will hold
their annual "get-together" smoker
this evening in the Faculty club
house. J. A.de Haas and W. E. Cox,
of the Economics department, have
arranged the program. The enter
tainment. will include selections by
the Cardinal Quartette, a five-piece
orchestra, and a "stunt" by L. W.
Lewis, '14.
The smoker will commence at 7:30.
