# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
A lamentable decrease in the Fresh
man turn-out for crew at Columbia
is reported.
