# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
Football will be compulsory at the
University of Wisconsin for all Fresh
men.
