# Professor Cross Speaks at Wisconsin.
## 
### 
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
Professor T. B. Cross, of the Eco
nomics department, now on sabbatical
leave, is at present in Chicago. He
will leave shortly for the University
of Wisconsin, where he will speak
before the classes of Professor Com
mons of that university on labor con
ditions. While in Wisconsin Profess
or Cross will investigate the Indus
trial Accident Hoard of that state.
