# Adv. 17 Page 3
## 
### 
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
m "The Pagtiacci
of the Piano"
IN THE
FAIRMONT HOTEL
VENETIAN ROOM
$
JOE
REICHMAN
AND HIS
ORCHESTRA
Direct from the Los Angeles Am
bassador's Cocoanut Grove
EVERY EVENINC
EXCEPT MONDAY
SPECIAL RATES TO
CAMPUS CROUPS
