# POPE PIUS ILL AGAIN
## 
### 
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
VATICAN CITY, April 21 (UP).—
Authoritative Vatican sources said
today that Pope Pius was suffering
from "slight" recurrence of vari
cose swellings in his legs, with in
termittent pains. It was said that
in frequency and intensity the pains
had not yet approached those of a
few months ago.
