# GOLF BALL KILLS FISH
## 
### 
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
ENNIS, Tex., April 21 (UP). —
Helpful hint to fishermen: take up
golf. Owen Satterfield drove his
ball from a tee at Lakeside* Coun
try Club. The ball killed a fish.
