# Adv. 36 Page 9
## 
### 
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
Superb dining...
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11,: 30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L. Palo Alto, 326-5680 -J
r
