# Mural Playoffs Set Tomorrow
## 
### 
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
The playoffs for the intramural
basketball championship start to
morrow night, with four games
scheduled to be played. The con
\ tests continue the following eve
i ning with eight games.
Both gyms are being used for the
first-round playoffs, with 20 teams
participating. Complete schedules
are posted on the gym mural board.
The pair of 7 o'clock games fea
ture Fiji II and Education V in
the Encina Gym, and Zete I and
Kappa Alpha II in the Pavilion. An
! hour later Encina 5E opposes the
Delt I team in the gym, and En
cina 2E I faces ATO II in the Pa
vilion.

Mural Director Elwyn Bugge
announced that this week is the
deadline for signups for softball
and volleyball. Bugge said that
lists are posted on the bulletin
board for team representatives to
sign. Contests will begin soon.
