# Law Prof Will Debate Theologian On Draft
## 
### 
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
"Civil Disobedience, Law and
Order, and the Draft" will be
debated Sunday by a Stanford
law professor and the president
of Union Theological Seminary.
Dr. John C. Bennett of Union
Seminary will deliver a sermon
during the regular Memorial
Church service Sunday morning,
and return to the church at 7

p.m., to debate with law Prof.
Howard Williams. A discussion
wil' follow in the Round Room
of the church.
Bennett's publications link
Christianity with questions of
ethics, communism, foreign pol
icy, and peace. He and Reinhold
Niebuhr co-edit the magazine
Christianity and Crisis.


DR. JOHN C. BENNETT


PROF. HOWARD WILLIAMS
