# MANAGERS NAMED
## 
### 
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
•WASHINGTON, May 20 (UP). —
Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw
Mountain Landis today named Bill
Terry of the New York Giants and
Joe McCarthy of the New York
Yankees as managers of the National
and American League teams for the
all-star baseball game here July 7.

HOLLYWOOD, May 20 (U.R).—A
fourth-dimensional defense was sug
gested today for Lawrence K. Duby,
facing grand theft trial. He Is
charged with selling 13 one-sixth
interests in his awning firm.
