# GERMAN SPEAKS
## 
### 
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
Germany's activities in the field of
social legislation were discussed
yesterday by Dr. Hans Orth, Reich
Postal Education director in Ham
burg, at Professor Kurt Reinhardt's
class in "Modern Civilization." Dr.
Orth is a former German exchange
student at the Univeristy of Cin
cinnati.
