# ORGAN RECITAL
## 
### 
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
Mr. Warren D. Allen will present
an organ recital this afternoon at
4:00, in the Memorial Church. The
program will consist of the follow
ing: "Fantasia," by Jose Maria
Beobide, played by the organist of
the Burgos Cathedral; "Ave Verum"
by J. S. Bach, sung by Mrs. Charles
Hartshorne, soprano, wife of the
assistant professor of philosophy;
"Diferencias sobre el Canto del
Caballcfo by Antonio de Cube/on,
played by Mr. Allen; "Pariis Angel
icas" by Cesar Franck, sung by Mrs.
Hartshorne, with a violin obligate
by Elizabeth Perice; and "Pece He
roique" by the same composer,
played upon the organ by Mr. Allen.
The University of Naples, Italy,
was founded in 1492.
