# Industry Gifts At New High
## 
### 
Corporate gifts to Stanford Uni
versity totaled $3,130,695 during
the 1963-64 academic year â€” a
new annual high, Stanford Trus
tee Roger Lewis announced re
cently.
Lewis, chairman of the board
of General Dynamics Corporation
in New York, has accepted the
post of national corporations
chairman for Stanford and its
continuing program for financial
support.
Donor corporations for the year
number 573, also a new high,
Lewis said. He noted current
trends toward more unrestricted
gifts (Ihose without strings at
tached as to use) and a wider in
terest in long range educational
objectives.
"Today you will find corpora
tions enthusiastically supporting
such things as an art gallery,
visiting lecturers in the humani
ties. music prizes and expanded
studies in East Asian civilization,"
he said.
