# Quote of the Day
## 
### 
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
"That is one of those
stereotypes that is about as
correct as the opposite
stereotype that at Stanford,
students play tennis all day."
— Newly-selected, president
Gerhard Casper, on the Uni
versity of Chicago'B reputation
as conservative. Casper is
provost there, and some facul
ty have expressed concern that
an administrator from Chica
go will undermine Stanford's
progress toward diversity. See
story, front page.
