# Hertz Believes Students Should Hear Symphonies
## 
### 
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
Despite unprofitable results of sym
phony concerts on the campus at Califor
nia in the past, Alfred Hertz, conductor
of the San Francisco Symphony orches
tra, has arranged with the Greek Theater
management to present a series of con
certs, beginning October 26, in Harmon
gymnasium.
It is Professor Hertz' belief that Uni
versity of California students should
have the benefit" of symphony concerts.
