# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
The University of Utah dedicated
its new stadium at its recent game
with the University of Colorado.
