# SET BLEACHER STUNT DEADLINE FOR MONDAY
## 
### 
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
Suggestions and ideas for rooting
stunts for the Stanford-California
game are desired by the Rally Com
mittee. Such suggestions should be
mailed to Bob Fraser, chairman of the
committee, not later than noon, Mon
day. Two Big Game tickets are offered
for the prize-winning suggestion.
