# KAPPA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bill Herington, '38.
