# Senate Asked To Investigate 'Spying'
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
WASHINGTON, May 4 (/!'). —-The j
Senate listened to a suggestion to
day by Senator Bone (D., Wash.) ;
for an investigation of charges of
"spying and general all around
espionage" in the capital by various
government departments.
Unless checked, he asserted, such i
practices "could become the basis of
what might amount to political j
blackmail."
