# To Race Former Indian Ace
## 
### 

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.

JACK WKIERSIIAUSER (above), Indian quarter-miler, will be
pitted against the former Stanford captain, Al Blackman, now
competing under the banner of the Olympic Club in the 440 next
Saturday.
