# Committees Complete Reunion Plans.
## 
### 
To complete the plans for per
manent alumni reunions, the joint
committees, appointed by the class
presidents, have added four resolu
tions to the former recommenda
tions drawn up by them, so that
when submitted to the classes for
adoption the recommendations will
contain in addition to those pub
lished last night in the Daily Palo
Alto, the following articles:
5. That in case of the death or
resignation of the permanent class
secretary his successor shall be ap
pointed by the person who is then
president of the Alumni Associa
tion, said appointee to hold office
until the following class reunion,
when the class shall elect his
successor.
6. That the classes after com
mencement shall hold duennial
and quintennial reunions, and
thereafter meet every five years.
7. That the classes urge returning
graduate classes to adopt the same
scheme of organization, so that the
entire Stanford alumni shall be
united under this plan.
8. That it shall be the duty of the
Junior class president when calling
the first meeting of the Freshman
class to explain to them the pur
poses of permanent class organiza
tion and recommend its immediate
adoption, together with an appro
priation of $25 a year for this
purpose.
