# Y.W.C.A. Secretary to Be Here.
## 
### 
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
Miss Ruth Paxson, one of the
national secretaries of the Y. W.
C. A., will visit Stanford from
March 22d to 26th. Miss Paxson
will address the women of the Uni
versity Thursday evening, March
22d, in the chapel at 7 o'clock;
Friday in Memorial Church at 1,
and in the chapel at 7; Sunday in
the chapel at 7; Monday in Memor
ial Church at 1, and in the chapel
at 7; and Tuesday in the chapel at
4:30.
