# A 						Trip Through China and Japan
## 
### 
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
By \V. V. Carmichael, illus
trated with stereopticon views dis
playing the natives, their customs
and their home life, will be given
at Mullen's Hall, Thursday evening
at 8. Mr. Carmichael, who has
lived in China for twenty years,
will explain and comment on the
pictures and will relate many cur
ious incidents and anecdotes of
Chinese and Japanese life. There
will also he displayed a set of
pictures taken under fire at the
Shanghai riots, when about 200
Chinese were shot. Mr. Car
michael, who is Bugle Major of the
Shanghai Mounted Infantry, will
describe the incidents. Admission
will be 25, 35, and 50 cents.
