# NECESSITY
## 
### 
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
With this issue The Daily Palo Alto
discontinues United Press Service, and
ceases as a member of the Press Asso
ciation. We are very sorry to make
this announcement, because we believe
that there is a place for telegraphic
news in this paper. But financial con
ditions at this time make it necessary
to curtail expenses in every possible
manner, it is therefore deemed advis
able to take this step, in order that
the paper may finish the semester
clear of debt.
