# VALENTINO MARRIED?
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 12 (UP).—
Despite denials by his brother and
nephew, former Ziegfeld beauty,
Marion Benda, continued today to
claim she had been secretly mar
ried to the late Rudolph Valentino.
"Look up the recoras in New Jer
sey," was Miss Benda's only com
ment as she was taken from the hos
pital to her Santa Monica (Cal.)
home, where she took sleeping pills
in a suicide attempt Friday night.
