# DURAND REBUILT CAMPUS
## 
### 
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
Dr. William F. Durand, now on
campus, was one of the four engi
neers who rebuilt the Quad after the
1906 earthquake.
