# Mitchell Returns From Meeting of Registrars
## 
### 
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
James P. Mitchell, Stanford regis
trar, has returned to the campus from
Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he re
cently attended a meeting of the in
tercollegiate registrars. While in the
Middle West, Dr. Mitchell was the
guest of the Stanford Club of Milwau
kee, Wisconsin. He will resume his
duties at once.

For information regarding Patison's
annual summer tour to Mexico, includ
ing six weeks in Mexico City during
the summer session of the National
University of Mexico, address G. M.
Patison, P. O. I3ox 1593, Los Angeles,
Calif. (Note: Eighty students and
teachers held membership in Patison's
1925 Mexico party).—Adv.
