# Banta Secures Post at Institute for Next Term
## 
### 
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
A. Perry Banta, '26, has been ap
pointed teaching fellow in Civil Engi
neering at. the California Institute of
Technology for the fall semester. He
will take over his position on Septem
ber 1.
