# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


Ghosts
Senior running back Rudy
Lange is no ghost to the
football team.
page 7

Ghouls
Women's soccer hopes to
score many 'ghouls' in this
Saturday's matchup.
page 8

Goblins
Columnist Kathleen Kane re
turns to her Halloween candy
gobblin' days.
page 4

WEATHER
Today: Sunny,
highs in the 70s
to mid 80s
Saturday:
Sunny, highs in
the upper 60s to
mid 80s


