# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is not the province of a college
daily to look after the affairs of the
entire student body nor to contin
ually harp on some fault, but it
seems as if, despite exhortations
from every side, there are some men
who will never keep off the football
field during practice. There is a
certain element in thestudent body
which considers itself a privileged
class. These men crowd the field
when the practice becomes inter
esting and are always in the way
of the players. It may be that they
are carried away by their enthusi
asm and do not consider the detri
ment they are to good practice. If
that is the case the fact that sev
eral men have requested that at
tention be called to the matter
should be enough to put an end to
what has become a nuisance.
It is not the province of a college
daily to look after the affairs of the
entire student body nor to contin
ually harp on some fault, but it
seems as if, despite exhortations
from every side, there are some men
who will never keep off the football
field during practice. There is a
certain element in thestudent body
which considers itself a privileged
class. These men crowd the field
when the practice becomes inter
esting and are always in the way
of the players. It may be that they
are carried away by their enthusi
asm and do not consider the detri
ment they are to good practice. If
that is the case the fact that sev
eral men have requested that at
tention be called to the matter
should be enough to put an end to
what has become a nuisance.
It is not the province of a college
daily to look after the affairs of the
entire student body nor to contin
ually harp on some fault, but it
seems as if, despite exhortations
from every side, there are some men
who will never keep off the football
field during practice. There is a
certain element in thestudent body
which considers itself a privileged
class. These men crowd the field
when the practice becomes inter
esting and are always in the way
of the players. It may be that they
are carried away by their enthusi
asm and do not consider the detri
ment they are to good practice. If
that is the case the fact that sev
eral men have requested that at
tention be called to the matter
should be enough to put an end to
what has become a nuisance.
It is not the province of a college
daily to look after the affairs of the
entire student body nor to contin
ually harp on some fault, but it
seems as if, despite exhortations
from every side, there are some men
who will never keep off the football
field during practice. There is a
certain element in thestudent body
which considers itself a privileged
class. These men crowd the field
when the practice becomes inter
esting and are always in the way
of the players. It may be that they
are carried away by their enthusi
asm and do not consider the detri
ment they are to good practice. If
that is the case the fact that sev
eral men have requested that at
tention be called to the matter
should be enough to put an end to
what has become a nuisance.
It is not the province of a college
daily to look after the affairs of the
entire student body nor to contin
ually harp on some fault, but it
seems as if, despite exhortations
from every side, there are some men
who will never keep off the football
field during practice. There is a
certain element in thestudent body
which considers itself a privileged
class. These men crowd the field
when the practice becomes inter
esting and are always in the way
of the players. It may be that they
are carried away by their enthusi
asm and do not consider the detri
ment they are to good practice. If
that is the case the fact that sev
eral men have requested that at
tention be called to the matter
should be enough to put an end to
what has become a nuisance.
It is not the province of a college
daily to look after the affairs of the
entire student body nor to contin
ually harp on some fault, but it
seems as if, despite exhortations
from every side, there are some men
who will never keep off the football
field during practice. There is a
certain element in thestudent body
which considers itself a privileged
class. These men crowd the field
when the practice becomes inter
esting and are always in the way
of the players. It may be that they
are carried away by their enthusi
asm and do not consider the detri
ment they are to good practice. If
that is the case the fact that sev
eral men have requested that at
tention be called to the matter
should be enough to put an end to
what has become a nuisance.
