# Sophomore Debaters.
## 
### 
The try-out for the Sophomore
representatives in the Sophomore-
Freshman debate was held Satur
day evening in the chapel Brof.
Frank A. Fetter acted as judge of
the debate. Three men and an
alternate were chosen and these
will represent the '02 Class. They
are Carroll D. Scott, E. W. Rice,
and A. J. Copp. H. C. Jones was
chosen alternate. Scott and Rice
were both in last year's Freshman
team.
The try-out for the Sophomore
representatives in the Sophomore-
Freshman debate was held Satur
day evening in the chapel Brof.
Frank A. Fetter acted as judge of
the debate. Three men and an
alternate were chosen and these
will represent the '02 Class. They
are Carroll D. Scott, E. W. Rice,
and A. J. Copp. H. C. Jones was
chosen alternate. Scott and Rice
were both in last year's Freshman
team.
The try-out for the Sophomore
representatives in the Sophomore-
Freshman debate was held Satur
day evening in the chapel Brof.
Frank A. Fetter acted as judge of
the debate. Three men and an
alternate were chosen and these
will represent the '02 Class. They
are Carroll D. Scott, E. W. Rice,
and A. J. Copp. H. C. Jones was
chosen alternate. Scott and Rice
were both in last year's Freshman
team.
The try-out for the Sophomore
representatives in the Sophomore-
Freshman debate was held Satur
day evening in the chapel Brof.
Frank A. Fetter acted as judge of
the debate. Three men and an
alternate were chosen and these
will represent the '02 Class. They
are Carroll D. Scott, E. W. Rice,
and A. J. Copp. H. C. Jones was
chosen alternate. Scott and Rice
were both in last year's Freshman
team.
The try-out for the Sophomore
representatives in the Sophomore-
Freshman debate was held Satur
day evening in the chapel Brof.
Frank A. Fetter acted as judge of
the debate. Three men and an
alternate were chosen and these
will represent the '02 Class. They
are Carroll D. Scott, E. W. Rice,
and A. J. Copp. H. C. Jones was
chosen alternate. Scott and Rice
were both in last year's Freshman
team.
The try-out for the Sophomore
representatives in the Sophomore-
Freshman debate was held Satur
day evening in the chapel Brof.
Frank A. Fetter acted as judge of
the debate. Three men and an
alternate were chosen and these
will represent the '02 Class. They
are Carroll D. Scott, E. W. Rice,
and A. J. Copp. H. C. Jones was
chosen alternate. Scott and Rice
were both in last year's Freshman
team.
