# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
Screen
test
yourself
any day
in the
week
with a
kodak Sc
self
portrait
attach
ment !
—and a camera won't have
to cost 3500, either!
Crandall's
