# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
Kansas students favored the co
operative bookstore at an election.
