# Politics Out of Style at Oberlin College Election
## 
### 
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
OBERLIN, Ohio, May 12.—(1.P.)—
When eight juniors refused to accept
nominations for the presidency of the
student council of Oberlin College, and
only one accepted, the student council
called a special meeting of the under
graduates for the purpose of finding out
if they still wanted student government.
The students answered in the affirma
tive and called a new nominating as
sembly.
