# No Magazine
## 
### 
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
Because of the large size of
today's DAILY, there will be
no "The Stanford Daily Maga
zine" this week. Instead, the
"Magazine" will be published
next Wednesday and will con
tain a study of the modern art
exhibition at the Stanford Mu
seum, impressions of an Esa
len Institute weekend, and a
story on Emeriti professors.
Regular "Magazine" entertain
ment features appear on
pages 3, 6. and 7 of today's
pager.
