# Big Game Theme
## Let Undergrads Do It 
### 
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
Every season, before the big
game between two rivals, news
paper stories abound with vows
from seniors playing their last
game: "I'll be doing my best to
walk off the field happy," they
say.
Yet examination of one of the
west coast's major rivalries
shows that perhaps the winning
seniors owe their happiness
after the game to the efforts
of underclassmen.
Stanford and California have
met in 69 Big Games, with the
Tribe presently holding a 31-28-
10 series lead. The three game
edge is due to an unprecedented
six game winning streak the In
dians started in 1961.
Underclassmen Give Margin
Stanford defeated the Bears
13-7 in the swampy confines
of Memorial Stadium of Berke
ley last year. Although 17 sen
iors played for the Tribe, four
underclassmen provided the
margin of victory.
Junior fullback Jack Root

scored the first touchdown and
was named the most valuable
Stanford back in the game.
Sophomore fullback Greg
Broughton alternated with Root
and scored the winning six
points.
Junior halfback Bill Shoe
maker and soph, halfback Jon
Huss carried the brunt of the
Indian ground game with their
best running performances of
the season.
Sophomore Fireworks
Two years ago, the Tribe won
9-7. Dave Lewis a junior quar
terback, sparkled, as did Monty
Mohrman, a junior defensive
tackle. Mohrman was a Stam

ford co-captain for Big Game
last year.
In 1964, all of the fireworks
in Stanford's 21-3 win came
from underclassmen. Lewis,
then a sophomore, completely
outclassed Cal's senior quarter
back Craig Morton, as he ran
for one touchdown and passed
for another. Lewis was named
Back of the Game.
Junior halfback Ray Handley
scored the third TD, and sopho
more defensive halfback John
Guillory made two key inter
ceptions to halt Cal drives.
In 1963, the third year of the
Tribe winning streak, junior
Braden Beck provided the win

ning points with three field
goals in the Tribe's 28-17 win,
A year before, junior Clark
Weaver came off the Indian
bench with Stamford trailing
13-3 in the third quarter.
Weaver moved the Tribe to
four scores, passing for three
of them. These were his only
passes for touchdowns that
season.
Juniors Start Streak
Underclassmen started the
Stanford winning streak by
scoring all the Stanford touch
downs in a 20-7 win. Junior half
back Gary Craig scored two
touchdowns, and junior fullback
Ken Babajian scored the third.
