# Campus Opinion
## SOME FAINT PRAISE, OTHER THINGS, TOO 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
One editorial policy of your Daily
has given me a particular satisfac
tion. f mean your consistent knock
ing the Rally Committee and King
Football. I have always thought the
antics of the Rally Committee and
usual touting of and tumbling be
fore the TEAM were at best pretty
funny and at worst stupid and un
worthy of the supposed sophistica
tion (spare the mark) of the dear
old school. Well and good then. I
like, I downright praise your edit
ideas — which generally sock away
at what I think should be socked—
point out the overemphasis which
s>""rounds Football and the Bally
hoo squad. We agree on that.
But, Abe, it seems to me 'y° u are
decidedly inconsistent. Why when
you are sniping away at Rally and
Team-Team spirit in your editorials,
hitting these day after day, why at
the same time do you plaster the
iront page with Rally Committee and
FOOTBALL stories. At the best,
football yarns are not news, they
are almost inevitably rehash, space
fillers. They come out the same way
day in, day out.' Front and sports
cover football practice, the pros
pects for the game, and just what
reelly happened at last Saturday's
game (one hoped that at least was
dead, and forgotten). Where is con
sistency? I wonder and I ask why
and how you can be very properly
roasting TEAMSTUFF in the edits
and yet still be EMPHASIZING it in

th rest of the sheet. Does the old
Phi-bete, debater, law-grad lack
logic? What's ailing you, Abe?
A1 Bogan, '34 i.
