# St. Mary's Game Rumor Squelched by Masters
## 
### 
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
Rumors that Stanford was consid
ering a post season game with St.
Mary's because of the drop in their
football revenues met with prompt
denial by Graduate Manager A1
Masters last night.
The present deficit is about $12,-
000. Masters said this would be made
up in the S.C. and California games.
It is impossible to arrange a game
because of the conflicts in sched
ules. December 9, the only possible
date that the two teams could get
together, is taken by the St. Mary's
Southern Methodist inter - sectional
game.
