# Scoring Leader
## 
### 

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Herman Everhardus, senior half
back of the title-defending Uni
versity of Michigan eleven, had a
big lead among Big Ten scorers at
the season's halfway mark with
seven touchdowns and sxtra
points. (Associated Press Photo)
