# Cuban Insults Flag
## 
### 
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
Incident of the day in Cuba yes
terday was the wiping of Pan Amer
ican Conference Delegate Padilla's
hands upon an American flag, as he
stepped into a Miami-hound plane.
State Department has been notified,
is investigating.
