# Stanford Band Marches In N.R.A. Victory Parade
## 
### 
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
To San Francisco last night on
special buses went the Stanford
Band to take part in the N.R.A. vic
tory parade.
The request for the band to play
came from San Francisco civic lead
ers through Comptroller Almon E.
Koth. The band was chosen as the
most fitting group to represent Stan
ford in the parade, which included
many prominent, city officials and
representatives of peninsula organi
zations.
