# ARMY CRASHES TO FRONT OF EASTERN FOOTBALL
## 
### 

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)

Lieut. Gar Davidson is showing the east a few things in his first year as head coach of the Army foot,
ball team. Given three regulars and no ready-made yearling talent at the beginning of the season David
son has developed a Cadet eleven that looms as a strong contender for the mythical national grid title.
The main attacking weapons in the soldiers' armory are Paul Johnson, quarterback, and Texas Jack
Buckler, halfback. A whirlwind on one of the wing positions is Pete Kopcsak. (Associated Press Photos)
