# Sequoia Downs Champs In Intramural Handball
## 
### 
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
Defeated in the second round of
competition by Sequoia, El Campo,
champions of intramural handball in
1932, are now out of the race. The
champion team drew a bye in the
first matches.
El Tigre, Phi Psi, with the Chi
nese Club drawing a bye, came
through the second round. Teams
which are still undefeated are Phi
Gamma Delta, El Toro, Zeta Psi,
Alpha Sigma Phi, Sigma Chi, and
Delta Kappa Epsilon.
Manager Marvie Kahn announced
yesterday that the fourth or semi
finals must be played this week.
