# Roosevelt Presents Medal To Pacific Coast Trainee
## 
### 
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
President Roosevelt recently pre
sented the Pershing medal for mili
tary merit to Cadet Colonel James
Gardner Frazer, student commander
of the Washington University R.O.
T.C. regiment. Frazer's award was
the result of his selection as the
outstanding R.O.T.C. trainee in the
Ninth Corps Area, which includes
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast
states.
