# COLLEGE ROTOGRAVURE
## 
### 
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
The San Diego State College Aztec
recently issued its daily boasting an
eight-page rotogravure supplement.

"Diggers' Guide," at Oregon cor
responds to the "Bawl-Out" at
Stanford.
