# ROOTERS' CAPS
## 
### 
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
Hooters' caps arc as necessary as
rooters' tickets to get in the Stan
ford section at the U.S.C. game Sat
urday, the Rally Committee has de
creed. Caps are on sale in Palo
Alio.
