# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Any one Las a light to wear a
sweater with the lettei "S" on it,
but tLe Athletic Board has decided
that its presence on a man's sweater
shall represent his athletic dis
tinction in the University, and
shall be an honor extended to tbose
who have erved with credit on one
or more of the three athletic teams
football, baseball or track. When
this regulation is known so well
among the students and its motive is
the promotion of athletic effort, a
man who has no claim to athletic
distinction must indeed have temer
ity to sport a letter " S " sweater
about the campus. Any non-frat
ernity man has a right to wear a
fraternity pin if he orders one made
and pays for it; it is his property.
But what docs he gain by doing so?
