# ALPHA SIG PLEDGES
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Douglas Smith, '36.
