# SKI REPORT
## 
### 
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
At latest report. Stanford was
running in fourth place in the 12th
annual Vanderbilt Cup ski races
being held on Donner Summit. The
Indians had tallied 2G4.25 points.
Nevada is well in front for the
title.
