# Village Available To Non-Veterans
## 
### 
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
Stanford Village apartments, for
merly reserved for veterans, will be
available to non-veterans on a first
come first,-served basis starting at
8:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Stanford officials recently an
nounced that the rules about the
veteran status requirement on stu
dent apartments at the Village have
been relaxed by a recent Federal
Housing Authority rule change.
Veterans still receive priority,
however, and married veterans
with children will be given the lar
ger apartments.
To be eligible for housing at
Stanford Village, a person must be
registered as a full-time student in
the University. Part-time students
will be housed only if their com
bined academic load and teaching
a-sistant load equals that of a full
time student.
