# BAND MEETING
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
The first meeting of the Stanford
Band for spring quarter will be
tomorrow night at 7:15 in the band
house. All sections arc open for
new members.
