# Past Eisenhower Assistant Will Be Stanford Trustee
## 
### 
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
Thomas I'. Pike, former special
assistant to President Eisenhower
and until recently a high Defense
Department official, was elected
to the Stanford Board of Trustees
last Thursday in San Francisco.
He fills a vacancy on the 23-
member Stanford board created
by the retirement to trustee emer
itus statue of George Morell of
Palo Alto, president of Peninsula
Newspapers, Inc.
The new trustee is a member
of the class of '31 and served as
student body president in his sen
ior year. He and a classmate,
Katherinc Keho, were married im
mediately after their graduation.
Their son. John, was graduated
from Stanford last June. One
daughter, Mary Katherinc, is a
Stanford freshman, and their
third child, Josephine, a Stanford
junior, is traveling in Europe.


THOMAS P. PIKE
New Trustee
