# A 						Phi O to Return Money, Books
## 
### 
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
The Alpha I'hi Omega .hook ex
•hange will be open today and 1o
norrow to return money and un
old books from Hie autumn quar
(>r .sale. The exchange will Ik
io!d in Temporary Building A
loom JO, from i) a.m. to 1 p.m.
