# New German Club To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
<J
Two foreign films, oiic a Ger
man language newsreel and the
other a travel film with English
narration, will be shown tonight
at the first meeting of the reacti
vated German Club, at 8 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The club, active until last year,
had been dormant because of lack
of interest. This year enough stu
dents expressed interest in the
club so that it was reactivated.
The club is for anyone who would
like to learn about Germany its
culture, people and conversation.
The meeting tonight will be ol
special interest to students wish
ing to travel in Germany, as there
will be conversation periods after
the regular meeting so that stu
dents and faculty may try out
conversational German.
