# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery

"I think the pace of the last 20 months has accumulated
weariness that was not evident until the operation."
Moyers on LBJ's recovery
