# Bomb!
## 
### 

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.

Freshman quarterback Gene
Washington looks tor a receiver
through an onrushing screen of
linemen. Washington engineered
the first three Stanford touch
downs in the papooses' 50-0 rout
«*t" San Jose State's freshman
squad.
