# Adv. 14 Page 7
## 
### 
$$ HELP WANTED!!! 408-3604093
Looking for a wknd Manny (male)
3 wknds a month. Position in
Woodside & poss. Pac. Heights
Reqrmnts: Live locally, pref
a student. Must be complete Jock
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
$$ HELP WANTED!!! 408-3604093
Looking for a wknd Manny (male)
3 wknds a month. Position in
Woodside & poss. Pac. Heights
Reqrmnts: Live locally, pref
a student. Must be complete Jock
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
$$ HELP WANTED!!! 408-3604093
Looking for a wknd Manny (male)
3 wknds a month. Position in
Woodside & poss. Pac. Heights
Reqrmnts: Live locally, pref
a student. Must be complete Jock
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
$$ HELP WANTED!!! 408-3604093
Looking for a wknd Manny (male)
3 wknds a month. Position in
Woodside & poss. Pac. Heights
Reqrmnts: Live locally, pref
a student. Must be complete Jock
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
$$ HELP WANTED!!! 408-3604093
Looking for a wknd Manny (male)
3 wknds a month. Position in
Woodside & poss. Pac. Heights
Reqrmnts: Live locally, pref
a student. Must be complete Jock
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
$$ HELP WANTED!!! 408-3604093
Looking for a wknd Manny (male)
3 wknds a month. Position in
Woodside & poss. Pac. Heights
Reqrmnts: Live locally, pref
a student. Must be complete Jock
skills is basketball, water polo
volleyball and tennis, all/most
required, past experience coachg
or wrking with kids desired
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
