# Untitled Article
## 
### 
DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


DIET COLA ANYONE?
Experts debate the health risks of
consuming low-calorie sodas.
HEALTH/5

WALKING ON WATER
Junior Thomas Hopkins has become a
leader on the men's water polo team.
SPORTS/11


