# J.C. Choirs Sing Today at Festival
## 
### 
Over 300 singers from eight junior
colleges will be guests of the Stan
ford University Department of Music
when it presents the eighth annual
junior college choir festival this
afternoon in Cubberley Auditorium.
The singers will appear in glee
clubs and choirs in a festival pro
gram which is open to the public
without charge. The choral festival
will start at 1:30 p.m. and end at 4
p.m.
The junior colleges of San Mateo,
Modesto, San Francisco, Stockton,
Napa, Yuba, Salinas, and Marin will
participate in the program.
"With so many mature male
voices it is expected the musical
results will exceed those of previous
festivals," said D. Sterling Wheel
wright, instructor in musical educa
tion and head of the faculty-student
committee in charge of local ar
rangements.
Following the program, the campus
guests will be conducted on a tour
of the University and will have
dinner at the Union and at the Vil
lage.
At an after-dinner program in
Cubberley, the singers will be greet
ed by Dr. Tresidder and entertained
by some musical groups of the Uni
versity.
In this evening program, starting
at 7, Opera Workshop will do the
opening scene from Mozart's "Cosi
Fan Tuttc;" University Choir will
sing Thompson's "Alleluia" and
Schuoetty's "Send Forth Thy Spirit;"
and the University Singers will sing
Basque folk songs and some Brahms
love waltzes.
Both the afternoon and evening
programs are open to the public.
