# Nanney to Present Old Organ Music
## 
### 
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
Herbert B. Nanney will present a
program of 16th- and 17th-century
organ music this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
Selections on the program will
include: "Ricercare" hy Cavaz/.oni,
'Fantasia in Echo" by Sweelinck,
Buxtehude's "Canzonetta in G Ma
jor," Peerson's "The Primrose,"
"Gagliarda" hy Sehmid, "Echo pour
Trompette" by Merulo, and Buxte
hude's "Prelude,"' "Fugue," and
"Cracorine."
