# SAVANT WILLS BODY TO U.S.C. MEDICAL SCHOOL
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Carrying
beyond the grave a career devoted to
the advancement of human learning,
Dr. Frederic W. Sanders, noted savant
and author, who recently died at
Thermal, bequeathed his body to the
medical school of the University ol
Southern California for purposes ol
scientific research.
Dr. Sanders was formerly president
of the New Mexico College of Agri
culture, a member of the faculties of
the University of Chicago and the
University of West Virginia, an at
torney, a minister of the gospel, a
member of various learned bodies, and
the author of several standard works
on education and philosophy. More
recently he was dean of the junior
college of Hollywood High School and
head of the department of social
science there and at the Los Angeles
Junior College, and still later head

of the history department at Holly
wood High School.
The clause in Dr. Sander's will dis
posing of his mortal clay reads as
follows:
"I give my body to the medical de
partment of the University of South
ern California, it being my wish that
my friend, Prof. J. Walter Reeves,
M.D., take immediate charge of it."
