# TRYOUTEES DESIRED FOR SCHUBERT CLUB
## 
### 
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
All those wishing to become mem
bers of Schubert Club are urged to sec
Warreti D. Allen, musical director, who
is in his office, Room 84, inner quad,
daily, from 8:30 to 9:30 a. m., for the
purpose of interviewing tryoutces. Mr.
Allen has expressed a desire for more
members, and declares that it is best
to join the club this quarter, so that
all will be in readiness to start work
on the operetta, "The Flying Dutch
man," at the beginning of next quarter.
