# 'O' No! It's 21!
## 
### 
MINNEAPOLIS - The
winless Baltimore Orioles
set an American League
record by losing their 21st
straight game yesterday,
falling to the Minnesota
Twins 4-2 on just six hits
against Allan Anderson and
two relievers. '
The Orioles went meekly.
After Eddie Murray's leadoff
double in the fourth, they
did not get another hit until
Murray led off the eighth
with a single. At the same
time, Baltimore committed
two errors, and pitcher Mike
Boddicker walked six and hit
three batters.
Baltimore is the worst
hitting team in the majors
at .201, including .134 with
runners in scoring position,
and has been outscored 129-
44 this season.
Baltimore broke the
league record of 20 consecu
tive losses set by Boston in
1906 and tied by the
Philadelphia Athletics in
1916 and again in 1943.
Next in line on the
Orioles' march to misery is
the all-time modern record
of 23 straight losses by the
1961 Philadelphia Phillies.
Baltimore begins a three
game series in Chicago
tonight.
Associated Press
