# Quads to Appear On Farm May 22
## 
### 
Checking of! the 11 remaining days
in which lfJ39 Quads may be or
dered. Quad manager Margaret Hale
roughly calculated that at the rate
yearbooks were selling at the pres
ent time, few books would be un
sold by May 22, when Quads will be
distributed.
Sales will continue at the Post
Office, A.S.S.U. and Quad offices.
Already in the final steps of pro
duction, Quads were sent yesterday
to the bindery, insuring release on
schedule two weeks from last Mon
day.
Books without names on the covers
are priced at $5.07. Those with
names are $6.17, but since the first
consignment of name - on - cover
books as already been printed,
such books ordered at the present
time will not be distributed until
May 30, Miss Hale said.
