# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## 'Sandlot' Ball Teams Begin Season 
### ARCH JENKINS, Sports Editor 

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.

FRANK ISRELL. former White Sox star, captained the "oldsters" who
competed in the sandlot baseball congress of 50,000 teams, which got
under way in Wichita, Kansas, last Sunday. The oldsters over 50 met
teams composed of youngsters under 18 in the first game of the
competition.
