# Lagunita to Hold Spring Informal
## 
### 
Posing as "Paris in the Spring,"
Lagunita Court will be the scene of
the club's informal dance from 9 to
I o'clock tomorrow night. Ernie
Hekschcr's orchestra, which played
for the Lagunita winter formal, has
been engaged.
General Chairman Pat Flanagan's
committee includes Lee Ayrcs, Mary
Lou Redman, Sally Millhauscr, Rox
anne Delnney, Betty Lyman, Betty
Dirks, Margaret Haw, Betty Beh
ren.s, Barbara Reamer, and Camille
Morreggia.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Miss Elizabeth Cran
dall, Miss Rosamond Clarke, Mr. and
Mrs. James Lehan, Miss Christine
Ricker, Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Bai
ley, Dr. and Mrs. Charles Fairman,
Dr. and Mrs. John T. Reid, Dr. and
Mrs. Stanley Sharp, and Dr. and
Mrs. Calvin P. Stone.
