# Balloons Record Weather Conditions
## 
### 

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.

COAST GUARDSMEN of the cutter Chelan are shown as (hey release
specially-designed balloons that rise to 35,000 feet and radio back con
ditions in the substratosphere, in order to obtain latest weather data
for fliers and mariners.
