# Priceless Throne Found on Dock
## 
### 
NEW YORK. May 10 (UP).â€”The
priceless imperial dragon throne of
China, object of a search by agents
of the Federal Bureau of Investiga
tion, was found tonight on the dock
of the Holland-American Line in
Hoboken, N.J.
Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt, Jr., to
whom the throne had been entrusted
for an exhibition on behalf of Chi
na's war orphans, had reported to
the bureau the ancient work of art
had disappeared, possibly .some
where between the Netherlands and
the United States.
The throne, it was discovered, had
been consigned to Professor Otto
Munchen, of Oakland, Calif., the
United States agent for the Nether
lands shippers. Searchers looked
into hundreds of boxes and crates
at the dock before the throne was
found.
