# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
Now we can
detect a breast
cancer smaller
than this dot.
#
A! such an early stage
your chances of living a
long, healthy life are ex
cellent But we need
your help The only
proven way to detect a
cancer this small is with
a mammogram A mam
mogram is a low-radia
fion x-ray of the breast
capable of detecting a
cancer long before a
lump can be felt If
you re over 50. a mam
mogram is recommend
ed every year If you re
between 40 and 50. or
have a family history of
breast cancer, consult
your doctor in addition
of course, continue your
regular self-examina
tions.
