# Adv. 25 Page 7
## 
### 
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
EVERY NIGHT IS
HOF BRAU NIGHT
Choice of assorted meats, roast
beef, baked ham, pastrami, roast
pork, corned beef, generously
served on a zesty onion roll or
— sesame bun.
ONLY 70c
Jresidder
MEMORIAL UNION
Read The Daily Classified Ads
