# Net Team Faces Modesto Today
## 
### 
Stanford's lennis loam will he
Inning up for Ihe important IJSC
and UCLA matches over the
weekend when Ihe Cards host
Modesto JC at 1:30 p.m. today on
ihe varsity courts. ,
Modesto, led by Eduardo Guz
man ;ind Ramon Panui, will field
;i team with which, according to
Indian Coach Hob Honker, "We
shouldn't hnve any trouble."
Probable lineup for today's
match will be: Jack Douglas,
first singles; Brooks Rawlins,
second singles; Dave Nelson,
ihird singles; Gilbert White,
fourth singles; Lowell Carruth,
fifth singles; Bob Prince, sixth
singles; Nelson • Douglas, first
doubles; White • Rawlins, second
doubles, and Bob Bowdon - Dick
Gould, third doubles.
