# LASSU to Hear Elections Outlined
## 
### 
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
At the Legislature meeting to
night Karen Peterson, Elections
Commission chairman, will give a
complete run-down of the election
procedure to be followed in the
forthcoming ASSU primary elec
tion April 11 and 12 and final
election April 18 and 19.
Legislature will vote on wheth
er to open Lake Lagunita for
spring quarter swimming. They
must vote on it, the constitution
says, before the lake can be open
ed officially.
Student financial manager Bill
Mathewson will report on the
budget for the coming year.
In other business, Legislature
will vote on approval for varsity
and freshman basketball and var
sity boxing awards earned this
vear.
