# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
J TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
ChrysJer-Piymouth
Dodge Gr DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele?
730 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
