# Modern Boilers Added to Farm Heating Plant
## 
### 
An $83,000 program for improve
ment of the Univerity's steam boil
er system has been authorized by
the Board of Trustees, Business
Manager Alf E. Brandin announced
yesterday.
Construction, to begin in the near
future, will include the addition of
a new 650-horsepower boiler to re
place a 125-horsepower boiler in
stalled in 1904, Mr. Brandin stated.
The three remaining boilers, also
built in 1904, will be remodeled to
increase their efficiency, and the
smokestacks will also be modern
ized, he said.
This work, Mr. Brandin added,
should not be confused with the
recently announced $93,000 project
to lay a new 14-inch steam line to
provide heat for the Encina-Croth
ers-Stern living unit quadrangle.
The line, to run from the steam
plant up Galvez Street to Escondido
Road, will be an initial step in the
modernization of the steam distri
bution system.
' Our present boiler system," Mr.
Brandin said, "has been inadequate
to furnish heat for the distant liv
ing units such as Roble and Lagu
nita." Though the Crothers-Stern
line and the boiler remodeling will
both improve the situation, the six
inch lines now serving Lagunita and
Roble will have to be replaced by
bigger lines in the future, he said.
