# Dippy Reporter To Travel to Pullman
## 
### 
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
A Stanford Daily sports report
er will leave with the football
team tomorrow for Pullman to
cover the Stanford - YVSC game
for Daily readeKs.
