# Correction
## 
### 
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
In yesterday's article "Fans
criticize Big Game police," a Stan
ford Police Department spokesman
was incorrectly identified as Capt.
Raoul Niemeyer. The Daily regrets
the error.
