# SCALPERS ELECT
## 
### 
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
Scalpers Society, sophomore
honorary group, announces the
pledging of the following:
Walter Chouteau
Horace Blackmail
Robert Ettiene
Irwin Evans
Robert Fullerton
William Henderson
Robert B. Hoover
Bryan Moore
William Quade
James Reynolds
Fred Williams
Raymond Williamson
