# Maloney, Sports Head, Resigns Rugby Position
## 
### 
The resignation of Harry Maloney,
director of minor sports at Stan
ford, as executive chairman of the
California Rugby Union, was pre
sented at an election meeting held
at the San Francisco Olympic Club.
Maloney asked that he be relieved
of his executive connection with
C.R.U. in order that he may nego
tiate for international rugby games
for the Stanford team as a Stanford
coach.
George Fortune, a member of the
San Francisco Blues, was elected to
replace Maloney as executive chair
man. Other officers named were
Hugh Fulleiion, Stanford alumnus,
vice-chairman; Robert Robson, sec
retary, and T. St. John Wood, treas
urer.

The Washington State Daily is
edited once annually by women.
