# Standlee Gains Starting Post
## 
### 
Although Norm Standlee, plunging
Indian fullback of the last three
years, was overlooked by the All-
American selectors last fall due to
his several weeks of inactivity and
more recently overloked by the ma
jority of the public in the voting for
the College All-Star team to oppose
the Chicago Bears in a charity game
in Chicago August 28, he was not,
however, treated lightly by the ex
pert coaching staff of that team who
have placed him on the first team.
Playing along with the more pub
licized Tom Harmon and George
Franck, Standlee has sparkled in
every drill. He is a great addition
defensively due to his excessive
speed and his knowledge of the plays
of the Bears, who use the T forma
tion similar to that used by the
Cards last season.
