# NEW BILL MAY PROVIDE FOR SOLDIER SUITS
## ADD MORNING DRILL Erect Outdoor Rifle Range Back of San Juan Hill—Also an Indoor Gallery 
### 
Whether or not the trusttes of the
University will he reimbursed for
money advanced for the purchase of
military uniforms is still an unde
cided question. A bill now before
Congress appropriates money for fu
ture uniforms needed by universities
and colleges, but whether or not it
contains specific appropriation to re
imburse the Stanford trustees is not
known. Congressman Kahn has
been queried, but no reply has been
received as yet in regard to the mat
ter.
Make Additional Appropriation.
There will be no trouble in getting
additional suits for the new men who
are enrolling this semester, as the
trustees have voted an additional ap
propriation, containing a provision
regarding expected reimbursement by
the government, which provides for
two hundred more uniforms, if needed.
»>v One-Hour Drill.
An additional drill period will be
carried on this semester, from 11 to
12, Monday, Wednesday and Friday
mornings. One hour of University
credit is allowed for this course,
which is aimed to meet the needs of
men engaged in athletic workouts in
the afternoons, and for all others
who cannot attend the two-hour drill
from 4 to 6, Monday, Wednesday and
Friday afternoons, in which two units
of credit are given.
Two new non-commissioned officers
have arrived to assist Major Bugge,
professor of Military Science and Tac
tics, in the instruction work. They
are Sergeant George H. Hates and
Sergeant August Uartels. Sergeant
E. H. Jewell will remain at Stanford
also.
