# Faculty Adding To New History Data
## 
### 
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
Material of the winter quarter
courses' in Near Eastern history
should be much enriched by the re
search work being carried on this
fall by Professors Payson J. Treat
and Yamato Ichihashi, at present ab
sent on leave, according to Dr. Ed
gar Eugene Robinson, head of the
history department.
Professor Ichihashi has returned
to Japan, "where he is investigating
the present Sino-Japanese situation,
while Professor Treat is studying
from state department sources in
Washington, D.C.
