# Foundation to Give Travel Fellowships
## 
### 
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
The Commission for Relief in Bel
gium Educational Foundation an
nounced yesterday that several ad
vanced fellowships for study in Bel
gium will be awarded this year, pay
ing $140 a month and upward in ad
dition to travel expenses. Only
American scholars who speak French
or Flemish are eligible.
The address of the Foundation is
420 Lexington Avenue, New York
City. Applications must be filed by
November 15.
