# Bailey Takes Part In Sherwood Play
## 
### 
Dr. Margery Bailey, assistant pro
fessor of English, wll appear tonight
and Friday and Saturday nights at
the Civic Theater in Palo Alto in a
leading role in the Community Play
ers' production of Robert Sherwood's
comedy, "Reunion in Vienna."
Dr. Bailey has appeared on the
Stanford stage in "The Doctor's
Wife," "Romeo and Juliet," "The
Torchbearers" and numerous play
readings. Her most recent success
was as Frau Lucher, cigar-smoking
proprietress of a Vienna hotel, in a
reading of "Reunion in Vienna" dur
ing summer quarter. She will por
tray the same part in the Palo Alto
production.
Other Stanfordites taking part in
the play include Virginia Rogers,
Lin Polin, Marvin R, Kahn, and Car
men Savelle, wife of Professor Max
Savelle.
