# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
Missy and Junior
DRESSES
$7.95
to
$14.95
Two-piecc suits are big
news in every size group
and in every material . . .
silks, crepes, rayons, and
wools.
Walsterk
