# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
STARTING MARCH 10
For a Limited Engagement
JEAN
SABLON
AND HIS SONGS
PAUL BARON
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
The Palace
Hotel
EDMOND A. RIEDER
Ccncral Manager
More money for
your used text
book 5 at thc Collegc shrd
books at the Col
downtown at 536
Emerson.
