# Jungle Troops Smash Across Sittang River
## 
### 
lOKYO. Eri., March (i (Japanese
Broadcast Recorded by U.P. in San
Erancisco). — The Imperial Head
quarters at 11:30 a.m. today an
nounced the fall of Batavia, in Java,
to the Japanese.
The announcement said the oc
cupation of the capital of Java was
completed at 9:30 p.m. Thursday.
The communique said, "Japanese
army units operating in Java
smashed terrific enemy resistance
and smashed their way into the city
of Batavia at 9:IiO p.m. March 5."
WORLD BROADCAST
Radio Tokyo broadcast the Im
perial headquarters announcement
first in Japanese, then in English
and repeated it in Spanish, Portu
guese, German, French, and Can
tonese.
It said Dutch forces earlier had
abandoned the city after transfer
ring the capital to Bandoeng and
destroying everything in Batavia
that might be useful to the enemy
except food.
It also announced the fall of
Socbang, 40 miles northeast of Ban
doeng, the "war capital," and Pur
wakarta, 30 miles to the north, as
well as Soerakarta in central Java,
some 55 miles inland from Semarang
and about the same distance from
the south coast.
HUGE BASE PERILED
Still another threat scarcely more
remote was a Japanese push east
ward from the Rembang beach head
which had overrun "some places in
eastern Java such as Bodjanegara."
Japanese forces were also closing
in on Soerabaja, the great Dutch
naval base.
Nefts of the fall of Batavia, black
as it was, had been expected and
experts were quick to point that
the loss of the city and its port—
Tandjong Priok—would not neces
sarily hasten the end of Dutch re
sistance on the island.
