# HEWITT ENTERS MEET
## 
### 
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
Frank Q. Hewitt will be the lone
Stanford entrant in the P.C.C. Box
ing Championships at Sacramento,
March 20 and 21, when he will aim
for the 145-pound title. Since final
examinations come at the same time
as the championships, other con
tenders will not be able to make the
trip.
