# Faculty
## CUBAN' TRIP 
### 
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
Three representatives of Stanford
Research Institute will arrive by
plane tomorrow in Cuba, where

they are participating in a techno
economic survey of the country be
ing sponsored by the International
Bank for Reconstruction and De
velopment. The study of Cuba is
the first in a series of research
projects in the international field
i in which Stanford Research Insti
tute, Southwest Research Institute,
and Armour Research Foundation
will co-operate.
Representing Stanford Research
Institute are Dr. Eugene Staley, I)r.
Boris Swerling, and Richard Funk
houser. They will investigate such
, matters as internal commerce,
transportation, power development,
utilization of labor, monetary poli
cies, and foreign trade and ex
change.
