# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Judy Nelson, '57,
to Bill O'Beirne, El Campo, '56.
