# Looking for summer "dough-re-mi"?
## We want students, teachers for lucrative sales jobs set to music! 
### 
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
Now—choice openings a re avail
able in your area representing
the hottest line of stereo sets
going. Easy to sell because
they're exclusive: only stereo
featuring two consoles, each
with its own speaker system,
both beautiful pieces of fur
niture. Make $150 to $300 a
week. Name your own full or
part time hours this summer,
evenings during school year.
Interest in music helps. You'll
be associated with one of
America's most reliable, re
spected firms.
Arise, you have nothing to
lose but your poverty! Send in
this handy coupon now . . .
