# MRS. RUSSELL ON LEAVE
## 
### 
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
Mrs. Frances Theresa Russell, asso
ciate professor of English, has gone
to New York where she; will remain
lor a six months' leave of absence.
