# Copy Deadline Named for February Chappie Issue
## 
### 
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
The deadline for art and literary
copy for the February issue of Chap
pie lias been set for January 17. As
this will be a straight number any
subject may be used. Stories from 100
to 200 words in length will be accent
able, according to Editor Tommy
Ureeze.
