# SORORITIES CLOSE AT 8 P.M.
## 
### 
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
The doors of sorority houses at the
Unlverpftv of Denver will be closed
and locked at 8 o'clock on Monday
evenings, ho that I'iaiernity men will
attend their meetings more promptly.
