# ALLEN, DAVIS TO DIRECT CAMPUS COMIC OPERA
## 
### 
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
By Frank Mittauer
"Princess Ida," Gilbert and Sulli
van's colorful satire on Tennyson's
"The Princess," will be given Febru
ary 25 in the Stanford Assembly Hall
by a cast of students and University
people under the direction of Warren
D. Allen and Gordon Davis.
The opera will be the first of its
type given on the campus for some
years. For the past few seasons the
place of the light opera formerly pro
duced each winter quarter has been
taken by the Ram's Head Burlesque
Show, but with the decision of Ram's
Head to take charge of the Annual
Football Show and to discontinue the
burlesque, a date was left open for
the presentation of a standard light
opera.
Winifred Estabrook, a recent gradu
ate of Stanford who has been teach
ing music in San Jose, will take the
lead in the opera. Miss Estabrook's
voice was favorably commented upon
by Louis Graveure, the Belgian bari
tone, who appeared in concert at Stan

ford last quarter. Elizabeth Wilbur,
who played opposite Gordon Davis in
"Hay Fever," appears in "Princess
Ida" as Lady Planches. Ruth Klette
takes the part of Lady Psyche, Julia
North that of Melissa, and Carol
Lasater that of Sacliarissa.
The male lead, the part of King
Hildebrand, will be taken by Carlton
Byrne; that of Ililarion, his son, by
Bailey H. Newlee, Jr. Charles Moore
and Albert Brouse will play the parts
of Cyril and Florian, friends of
Hilarion, while Adelbert Cullin, Ar
thur Holmes, and Earl Reed are the
sons of the rival King Gama, who will
be portrayed on the stage by Alonzo
Cass, veteran of many campus musical
shows.
Princess Ida, for the reasons that it
requires for its appreciation a knowl
edge of the things it satirizes has
never had the popular appeal of such
works of Gilbert and Sullivan as the
"Pirates of Penzance." Warren D.
Allen, however, believes that the piece
will be of particular interest to a
University audience on this account.
