# ELECT CONTROL BOARD FOR ENCINA COMMONS
## 
### 
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
Elections to membership on the
Board of Control of Encina Commons
were held last night. The following
were chosen: from the eating clubs,
Sheffield, Wallace, James, Fuller;
from Encina, Ross, Smith, Brown,
Post, Ross, Cadell, Wood, Thornton,
Linton, and McDermott.

The Board consists of two members
from each freshman dining room, one
representative from each eating club,
end three hashers.
