# FRESHMEN ELECT ENCINA OFFICERS IN SECOND VOTE
## 
### 
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
Harold ("Dusty") Allen, fullback on
Hie freshman football team, won the
vice-presidency of Encina Club from
ltichard Quigley by a vote of 71 to
56 in the re-election held at Encina
Hall Tuesday night. The revote was
necessary as no candidate except
Austin Clapp, president, received a
majority in the last election.
William Toepke, guard on the
freshman team, was elected secretary
of the club over Rem Thigpen by a
vote of 71 to 50, and Harry Eichel
berger, with 78 votes, took the mana
gerial position from James Kelley,
with 44. Kenneth Terrill was elected
chairman of the dance committee over
Ruddy Rintala by a vote of 72 to 56.
The chairmanship of the smoker com
mittee was won by E. W. Caddel over
T. H. Crawford, 74 to 50.
