# Fitch to Give Sermon
## 
### 
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
"The Free and the Brave" is the
topic for the sermon to be delivered
at Memorial Church at the 11 a.m.
service Sunday. The Rev. Robert E.
Fitch from the Pacific School of Re
ligion at Berkeley will deliver the
sermon.
