# STERN OFFICERS
## 
### 
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
Cl ick Meltzer was elected presi
den> of Stern Hall Tuesday night.
Ror Holfsinger is the new social
chairman.
