# PDK to Sponsor Luncheons
## 
### 
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
A series of six Tuesday lunch
eons, starting Tuesday and running
through Aug. 3, Ls being sponsored
by Phi Delta Kappa, men's educa
tional fraternity.
Open to all men in the field of
education, the luncheons will fea
ture talks by top men in education.
Dean I. J. Quillen of the School of

Education will be the speaker for
the first luncheon.
Lunch will be served at noon a l ,
Encina Commons. Tickets may 1*?
purchased for $1 at the PDK office,
cubicle N, Cubberley, or from PDK
officers. They will be on sale unt:
noon on the Monday before t:i3
luncheon.
