# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
Twelve players, with the coach and
trainer, formed the training table
which started Monday at California.
Seven forwards and five backs are on
the list.
