# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
Hard work will be the portion of the
Stanford ruggers for the next ten
days. Two games with the club teams
are scheduled for the week-ends, and
the Grays and Blacks will lineup on
several afternoons.
