# September.
## 
### 
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
The morrow was a bright September
morn;
The earth was beautiful as if new
born ;
There was that nameless splendor ev
erywhere,
That wild exhiliration in the air,
Which makes the passers in the city
street
Congratulate each other as they meet.
—Longfellow—Tales of a Wayside Inn.
