# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.

Rod Searcey/Daily
Not the Super Bowl
His Royal Highness Harald, crown prince of Norway, shakes hands with Niels Reimer, director of the
Stanford's Department of Technology Licensing, during the prince's stop here yesterday. The prince is
visiting Silicon Valley to observe the surrounding high-technology industry and its relation to the Uni
versity. Of course, the prince also viewed Super Bowl preparations at Stanford Stadium before leaving
campus.
