# inside
## 
### 
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
FOOD 3
Get the lowdown on everyone's favorite
sandwich shop owner, Ike Shaledeh.

MOVIES 7
Misa Shikuma previews the 2011 San
Francisco International Film Festival.

MUSIC 4
Intermission heads to Indio, Calif, to
check out Coachella 2011.

BOOKS 8
Judy Dutton winningly exposes the
world of high school science fairs.
