# Quad.
## 
### 
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
H. C. Nelson, '10, is a visitor on the
campus over the week-end. Nelson is
the Republican nominee for Assembly
man from the second district and has
also been indorsed by the Progres
sives
