# HAWAII VOLCANO ERUPTS AGAIN
## 
### 

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.

MAUNA I.OA. world's second largest volcano, provided thousands of Hawaii tourists and residents -\ spec
tacular sight at its recent eruption. This picture, taken by an Army Air Corps aviator and rushed to the
United States hv Clipper, gives <». different view of the eruption than enioyed by spectators. Note lava pits
within the crater and white specks of snow in this photo.
