# Stanford Netmen Face Cal Today
## 
### 
The Stanford varsity tennis team,
taccs their arch rivals, California,
this afternoon at 2 o'clock on the
California courts. On their show
ings against Southern California and
U.C.L.A., both teams stack up very
evenly and the winning margin, in
all probability, will be only one
game.
For a Stanford victory, the Card
netmen must take at least four sin
gles matches, because the most that
they can hope for in the doubles is
one win. In the singles Stanford's
Larry Dee will face either Bob Har
mon or Bob Peacock.
In the doubles, California has a
decided edge. Stanford's number
one team oi Dee and Wade will face
California's powerful pair, Peacock
and Harmon. Ihis California pair is
one ol the strongest doubles teams
in intercollegiate tennis and has
gone undefeated through all con
ference matches this season.
