# Against Hatch Bill
## 
### 

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.

SHAIiMAN MINTON. Indiana
Democrat, who opposed Senate
amendments to the Hatch Bill,
which would extend the meas
ure's provisions to all state de
partments using federal funds.
