# MEXICAN DIVORCE FAILS
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
SACRAMENTO. April 10 (UP).-
Superior Judge Peter J. Shields to
day ruled a Mexican divorce invalid
on grounds it was not secured in
good faith or through legal resi
dence.
