# Euphronia, Wranglers Will Hold Meeting Tomorrow
## 
### 
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
Euphronia Society will hold a joint
meeting with Wranglers at 7:30 to
morrow night in the Women's Club
house. An informal discussion will be
held between the two societies on the
general subject of: "What Value Have
College Activities?" Refreshments will
be served.
Stanley Weigeh president of Eu
phronia, says, "This meeting is part
of our program to acquaint the cam
pus with the fact that Euphronia is a
literary and fine arts society, rather
than merely a debating club."
