# Awards Committee Meets Monday to Hear Coaches
## 
### 
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
Members of the special committee to i
investigate the system of athletic awards
used in the University will meet Monday ,
night for final discussion of the plan
now drawn up. The plan will profoahly j
he submitted to the Executive Committee I
at its regular meeting Tuesday.
Recommendations from the coaches for
changes in the plan as now drawn up
will be heard at Monday's meeting.
