# DRAMATIC STUDENTS WILL STAGE PLAYS
## 
### 
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
Two one-act plays will be given next
Thursday evening, May 14, by Miss
Buckingham's class in dramatic inter
pretation, at eight o'clock in the Little
Theater.
"Thursday Evening," the first produc
tion, is a play by the brilliant essayist
Christopher Morley, and is a domestic
comedy in which the audience is afforded
the opportunity to see two mothers-in
law make peace between their son-in-law
and daughter-in-law. "The Little Stone
House" by the modern poet George
Calderon, is a play of quite another type.
It is a tragedy of Russian peasant life
on the plains of Siberia.
All the plays acted by this class are
laboratory experiments in directing,
staging, and acting done by the students
themselves as extra classwork. Ihe prob
lem is to arrange an effective stage with
as little expenditure or equipment as pos
sible. The public is invited to the final
performance.
