# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
Be slow 111 choosing a friend,
slower in changing. — Benja
min Franklin.
