# Adv. 53 Page 15
## 
### 
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
We want you.
The Stanford Daily needs
writers, photographers
and graphic artists.
Treat yourself to the
experience of a lifetime.
