# Divine to Address Women.
## 
### 
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
Rev. A. W. Palmer, of the First Con
gregational church, of Oakland, is
scheduled to give a series of three lec
tures to the Y. W. C. A. at their Tues
day meetings. Ho is a speaker of lib
eral and broad views of Christianity,
and is sympathetic with human prob
lems.
