# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
Another of the Old Guard has been
called by Death, and there is a va
cancy in the ranks of Stanford workers
that cannot be filled. Professor Ewald
Fiiigel leaves to the University, to
which he gave his best years, the rich
heritage of a well-loved memory, the in
valuable product of a brilliant mind —
the stamp of his scholarship and ear
nest enthusiasm is on many genera
tions of Stanford folk. Ilis real worth
was best appreciated by bis intimates
—his acquaintance insured respect.
