# Adv. 61 Page 20
## 
### 
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
YOU EVER
WONDERED
WHATALL
mm
DOING
Before you eat another bite,
think about how saturated fat
can raise your blood choles
terol. Then think about how
high blood cholesterol can
clog up your arteries. Then
think about heart attack.
Enough to ruin your appetite?
