# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
o new n
OTANFQRU
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
January 11-12-13
The story that has thrilled
millions
"THE PHANTOM OF
THE OPERA"
With Lon Chaney, Mary Ph i I bin,
and Norman Kerry
50 principles of established repu
tation and a professional cast of
more than 5000 players. Ac
claimed wherever shown as the
Super Colossal Spectacle of tho
age—see the world-famous Paris
Opera House, the maddest of all
Parisian revels photographed in
full color. The last word in
motion pictures.
You should see it at least once!
"SLIPPERY FEET"
Bobby Vernon Comedy
FELIX CAT CARTOON
Admission 50c — Children 250
