# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
Kappa Sigma fraternity is starting
work on the new $130,000 chapter
house at the University of lowa.
