# PROFESSOR COESTER TO ATTEND MEETING
## 
### 
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
Professor Alfred Coester of the Ro
manic Languages department lias been
elected to represent the American As
sociation of Teachers of Spanish at
the Pan-American Congress in June.
Professor Coester will sail February
6, and plans to spend the time before
the congress in traveling.
This congress is planned to com
memorate the meeting called one hun
dred years ago in Panama to form a
confederation of American nations.
Among the matters to be discussed at
the congress will be the organization
of the Gorgas Institute of Tropical
Medicine.
