# PLAY TRYOUT MONDAY
## "Bobbie Burnit" to be Sopho more Offering Nov.5 
### 
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
First sophomore tryouts for "Bobbie
Burnit," the comedy chosen by the
'eighteen play committee for produc
tion on November 5, will begin Mon
day afternoon at the Kappa Alpha
Thcta house.
Manuscripts for the two plays un
der consideration by the sophomore
play committee arrived on the campus
yesterday, and "Bobbie Burnit" was
chosen after careful reading.
The play gives opportunity to a
large number of characters and Chair
man J. T. Reynolds expects a large
number of candidates to try out.
Arthur Cyril, a retired actor now
living in San Jose, who played in
"Bobbie Burnit" for a number of
years, has been chosen to coach the
sophomore play. He will manage the
try-outs Monday.
The sophomore play committee con
sists of J. T. Reynolds, chairman,
Jean Campbell, Laura Anderson, Rich
ard Bullis, Don Ferguson and Gordon
Davis. Later try-outs will be an
nounced in The Daily Palo Alto.
