# What Have You Lost? Report at Clubhouse
## 
### 
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
What have you lost? If it is anything
less than your heart you may find it at
the Women's Clubhouse, for here is a
list of the articles left there in the
last few weeks.
Take yourl choice of a fountain pen,
a pledge pin, a silver case, two com
pacts, one necklace, and a lone silver
earring.
Mrs. Ewell is custodian of the treas
ure and will be glad to help in its
restoration to the rightful owners.
