# Variety Is Key To KZSU Shows
## 
### 
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
KZSU, Stanford's radio station,
began broadcasting Monday eve
ning, and will continue to be
heard the rest of this week and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Starting at 7 p.m. each day,
drama, music and interviews will
be heard. For the members of the
long - hair audience there is an
hour of classical music each Fri
day evening at 9. This week the
piano concertos of Beethoven,
Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff
will be heard. For the busy stu
dent there is an hour of music,
news, interviews, and "sounds"
on the program "Mosaic."
Program schedule for the next
weeks will be circulated in the
dormitories, and the program
ming for the rest of the week is
below:
Tonight, Wednesday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:30—Drama
8:30-9:30—Mosaic
9:30-9:4s—Stanford Tradition
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Thursday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—The Female Sex
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-8:30—Drama
8:30-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00—News and Sports
Friday:
7:00-7:02—News
7:02-7:3o—Music from Foreign
Lands
7:30-B:oo—Variety Show
8:00-8:02—News
8:02-9:00—Classical Music
9:00-9:45—Mosaic
9:45-10:00 —News and Sports
KZSU is located at 880 on your
radio dial.
