# Main Libe Opens Saturday, 1 to 5
## 
### 
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
As a result of special student
requests, the Main Library will
remain open on Saturday after
noons from 1 to 5 for studying
anil typing. There will be no
check-out of books during this
special period.
