# Fort Ord Chorus At Tuesday Series
## 
### 
The Fort Ord Soldiers Chorus,
winners of Ihe Ail-Army enter
tainment award, will be the pres
entation at the Tuesday Evening
Series program July 29. The pro
gram will be heard at 8 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Formerly the Red Diamond
Chorus (after the emblem of the
sth Infantry Division at Fort
Ord), the group was formed six
years ago. For four years they
were in Europe with the occupa
tion forces, during which time
they played to an estimated audi
ence of 200,000.
Director of the 21-voice chorus
is Pvt. John L. Sundquist. The
Dinkelspiel program is sponsored
by the Committee on Public Ex
ercises and is open to the public
free of charge.
