# Art Prints Can Be Obtained for Term
## 
### 
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
Students will be given the op
portunity of having the prints of
famous art in their possession dur
ing spring quarter. Mrs. Bolkob of
the Humanities Department report
ed that these prints may be with
drawn for an entire quarter from
the main reading room of the Li
brary Wednesday from 2 to 4 p.m.
Many new prints have been added
to the growing collection.
