# Daily Sports
## GOLF MANAGERS 
### 
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
Coach Bud Finger has announced
that an opening exists for one or
more golf managers. Sophomore or
junior men may see Finger at the
pro shop or Bill Btamers at Theta
Xi, DA 3-8760.
The golf maanger receives a ma
jor sport award.
