# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
Sterling Hall announces the en
gagement of Barbara Ann Garvey to
Malcolm Robert Seagrave, U.S. Air
Force, a graduate of College of Pa
cific and Eastman School of Music.
