# Men's Volleyball vs. UCSB
## 
### 
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
TONIGHT — 7:30 p.m. start at
Maples Pavilion.
RECORDS — Stanford (1-1, No. 2
in the nation), UC-Santa Barbara
(1-1, No. 8)
INJURIES — Stanford: Swing hit
ter Ryan Moos has still been
unable to practice because of a
broken hand and is doubtful for
tonight.
NOTES—Tonight's match against
the Gauchos will be the first of
four matches for the Cardinal in
the next 10 days. Players to
watch include Dave Goss, the
team leader in kills, Dan Hanan.
the team's top blocker, and
middle blocker Craig Forsyth
who has been playing the best
volleyball of his career, accord
ing to Coach Sturm.
