# Editorial
## Crossed signals 
### 
Miscommunication
should not hold back
search committee efforts

THERE'S OFTEN MORE to
a situation than meets the
eye.
At first, Victor Nee seemed like
an excellent candidate for the
Asian-American studies professor
ship. So the search committee
spent many hours and dollars
recruiting him, only to have him
withdraw from the candidacy and
offer a competing philosophy to
Stanford's efforts toward ethnic
education.
Nee said he thinks that the Uni
versity is approaching Asian-
American studies in a "backward
manner" by striving toward sepa
rate ethnic studies programs.
Understandably, the search com
mittee and the Asian-American
community were left feeling
confused and resentful. And so was
Nee, who said he was unaware that
the University was not expecting
him to withdraw his candidacy and
expressed an interest in a regular
professorship in the Sociology De
partment — but not specifically as
an Asian-American studies profes
sor.
Because the work of the search
committee was spread across
several different departments, at
some point the lines of communi
cation were crossed. And now
everyone's just trying to recover
from the confusion.

Nee offered a viewpoint that is
worthy of consideration. He said
that instead of segregating certain
classes under the Asian-American
studies category, the program
would be more effective if it were
incorporated into a broader curric
ulum.
While it is fine that Nee has his
own vision of Asian-American
studies, as a stranger to Stanford,
it may have been difficult for him
to see that the Asian-American
scholar position is the beginning
of a larger process — a first step
toward establishing a program that
one day could be integrated
throughout the University.
Since one cannot make some
thing from nothing — and nothing
is what Stanford has now in terms
of Asian-American studies — a
foundation has to be built.
The Asian-American community
has been working toward the es
tablishment of an Asian-American
scholar position for several months.
The efforts on the part of the stu
dents and faculty of the search
committee have been extensive and
sincere.
With two highly qualified candi
dates remaining, the process con
tinues with the full energy of the
search commitee. As the other two
candidates arrive on campus to
speak, faculty and students from
all departments should continue to
show their interest in bringing an
Asian-American scholar to Stan
ford, and give their continual sup
port to the Asian-American
community in building their schol
arship within the University.
