# Barbarians To Play Santa Clara.
## 
### 
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
The "Barbarians" and the Santa
Clara College team will meet in a
game of Rugby 011 Thanksgiving day.
The collegians have been practicing
hard and will probably show to bet
ter advantage than at any time this
season. The "Barbarians" have been
training during the past week and
are in good condition. Their line
up has been greatly strengthened by
the addition of Simpson, the Vancou
ver player, who will appear at wing
three-quarter. Otherwise, the line
up remains unchanged.
