# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be Loped that I lie social
in ltoble Saturday uiglit will be
more of a success than general gath
erings of that nature usually are.
Certainly no trouble is being spired
by the committee in charge to make
the affair a success, aud a pleasant
time is anticipated.
It is to be Loped that I lie social
in ltoble Saturday uiglit will be
more of a success than general gath
erings of that nature usually are.
Certainly no trouble is being spired
by the committee in charge to make
the affair a success, aud a pleasant
time is anticipated.
It is to be Loped that I lie social
in ltoble Saturday uiglit will be
more of a success than general gath
erings of that nature usually are.
Certainly no trouble is being spired
by the committee in charge to make
the affair a success, aud a pleasant
time is anticipated.
