# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
1 Stanford
THEATRE
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
December 8, 9, 10
*
W. B. Maxwell's most stirring
novel, "The Ragged Messen
ger," comes to the
screen as
"MADONNA OF THE
STREETS"
A Masterpiece! with
NAZIMOVA and
MILTON SILLS
Supported by
Claude Gillingwater
"HEAD ON"
A Cameo Comedy
Kinograms
j-
When you write home
for money, use
SANFORD'S
u Fountain Pen Ink
&
COAL
i
W. O. HORABIN
526 Bryant
Phones 69 and 60
I
