# WHY WEAKEN?
## 
### 
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
It's needless to be nervous to over
work during the next ten days. Occa
sional recreation and nourishment in
the form of rich double-decker malts
and crisp, nut brown waffle will keep
you fit as a fiddle. UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY, next to Stanford Thtre.
