# The
						Hello Habit
## 
### 
During three days ot the past
week, a Daily l'al<> Alto reporter
kept account of all men passed on
the campus and on the Quad, and
noted in each case whether they
spoke or not. In the case of the
upperclassmen, the reporter always
spoke first. In the case of fresh
men the reporter waited for them
to take the initiative. Men of his
own class were some times spoken
to first and some times not.
The results, which are rather en
lightening, follow:
Upperclassmen passed, I ( 'S. Of
this number, 105 returned the
"Hello." Freshmen passed. 204;
freshmen speaking, 1 '->2; sopho
mores passed, 189; 135 sfx ike.
The various percentages are: Up
perclassmen, 5.? per cent; sopho
mores, 65 per cent, freshmen, 94
per cent.
