# CHINA MONEY CRISIS
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 5. (/P)- China's
currency depreciation crisis be
came most acute today when the
Mexican dollar declined to a new
low level of 34.1 gold cents.
