# Soph Tennis Enthusiasts Wanted For Managers
## 
### 
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
Additional tennis manager try
outees are wanted at once, accord
ing to Bill Coberly, senior man
ager. All sophomores interested
should sign up with any of the
junior managers on duty at the
varsity tennis courts every after
noon between 2 and 4 o'clock.
Sophomores reporting within the
next week will be considered on
an equal basis with present try
outees when junior manager ap
pointments are made, according to
Coberly.
