# TAFT ARRIVES AT WASHINGTON
## 
### 

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.

So ill that he could be moved only in an arm chair, William Howard
Taft teturned to the Capitol City from the Old South a few hours after
resigning as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
