# ITALIAN BOXER
## 
### 
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
Is' lOWA UK, N.J, Feb. K. (/P)~
Primo Camera, Italian heavy
weight, will make hts third ap
pearance in an American ring to
night when he faces Cowboy liil
Owens of Guthrie? Okla , in a ten
round bout at the Newark Armory
