# LANZ SPEAKS
## 
### 
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
Dr. Henry I .an/, associate professor
ol Slavic languages at Stanford, gave
an address on the Russian Revolution
at this week's meeting of the Rotary
Club ol Sail Jose, where he was the
guest speaker. The meeting was held
in the main dining room of the Hotel
Sainte Claire.
