# Lack of Support Kills Soph Picnic
## 
### 
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
Because an insufficient number of
tickets was sold to justify the ex
pense of the all-day get-together,
Chairman Greyson Bryan yesterday
cancelled the annual sophomore pic
nic.
"We attributed the failure of the
picnic planned for Santa Cruz to
morrow to the crowded calendar of
late spring quarter," Bryan said. The
rush of term papers and a busier
than-average week-end were rea
sons given by Bryan for calling off
the day's reunion.
