# UNDER THE WEATHER . . .
## 
### 
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
MEN'S REST HOME
William Eosenfeld, Richard Dud
man, William Darsie, Donald Rey
nolds, A1 Simpson, Steve Porter,
Richard J. Taylor, William Jordan.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Marry Patterson, Doris Tucker,
Jean Fox.
HOSPITAL
Edithia Barrmann, Jean Paul Lee
bric, James Thurmond, Kenneth
Klee, Sammy Wallace, Nicholas
Grenfell, Lee Monroe, John Zbi
kowski, Emanuel Euphrat, Law
rence Kenna, Edward Jennings.
