# Henry Armstrong Retains Crown
## 
### 
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
LONDON, May 25 (UP).—With a
hurricane of leather that left his
opponent groggy, Henry Armstrong,
Los Angeles negro, tonight retained
his world welterweight champion
ship by winning an easy 15-round
decision over Ernie Roderick of Liv
erpool at Harringay indoor stadium.
In this first world welterweight
title battle ever staged in the British
Isles, Armstrong made his sixth suc
cessful defense of the 117-pound
crown. He registered his 46th
straight ring victory despite the
handicap of nearly 11 pounds. Henry
weighed 135 to Roderick's 145%.

LOS ANGELES. May 25 (UP).—
Ralph Metcalfe, former Marquette
sprint ace on leave of absence from
Xavier University of New Orleans
where he is track coach, is getting
his master's degree at Southern
California.

Corn is attacked by more Insect
pests than any other crop grown
in North Carolina.
