# Art Fraternity Will Hold Initiation of New Members
## 
### 
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
Delta Epsilon, national art frater
nity, will hold a regular fortnightly
meeting at 8 o'clock tomorrow night.
The meeting will be held at the home
of the president of the organization,
Edward M. Farmer, 515 University
Avenue. Initiation of new members
will take place.
