# Adv. 11 Page 8
## 
### 
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
don't cry...
eat cheese!
Over the past thirty-three years the
Milk Pail Market which began as a
simple drive-thru dairy store has
transformed itself into a European
style open air market. The Milk Pail
features over 300 cheeses; breads from
Berkeley; rolled oats from Oregon; and
produce from local farmers. "If you
can't find it anywhere else, we've got
it," Rasmussen says, "and if we
haven't got it, we'll try to locate it
through our many food contacts."
People still come to the Milk Pail
Market for the simple things like
hand-cut butter and refreshing milk in
an old fashioned glass milk bottle.
"But the truth is, you can come for so
much more," laughs Rasmussen. "It's
a culinary Disneyland and people who
really enjoy food like to come for the
adventure."
2585 California Street, Mountain View
On the Margueritte Shopping Express (SE) Route!
great selection | wholesale prices
