# Adv. 12 Page 8
## 
### 
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
r
the _
axc&palm
OLD UNION STANFORD
Best Burgers on The Farm
theaxeandpalm.stanford.edu @theaxeandpalm
Support Stanford Students. Eat on The Farm!
Operated by Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries,
a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises
