# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


ACROSS
1 Lexington and
Concord fighters
11 XXXV years after
the creation of
the original
Magna Carta
15 Apple
consumers?
16 River through
Lake Brienz
17 Start of an aptly
expressed
linguistic
observation
19 Duplicated
20 Roma road
21 Word with sharp
or trouble
23 Hand
24 Leagues: Abbr.
25 Like
performances by
the Wallendas
27 Place to build
28 Flying need
30 Is down with
31 Observation, part
2
32 Source of support
35 It's about 325
miles east of
Texas's H-Town,
with "the"
36 "Return of the
Jedi" dancer
37 Like Cologne and
vicinity
39 Condescend
40 Fowl with a
showy mate
41 Herbal drink
43 "Bewitched" witch
44 Place with
swinging doors
45 End of the
observation
49 Abbr. on folk song
sheet music
50 Listed
51 They have their
pluses and
minuses
52 Fabled tortoise's
trait
DOWN
1 Bud
2 First name in
tyranny

3 Checkup charges
4 Inviting words
before "Want to
come over?"
5 Mystical decks
6 Vacant
7 Dangerous snake
8 Dam
9 Mendes of "Hitch"
10 It may be a scoop
11 Hitched
12 Plots
13 Words to live by
14 "The Merry
Widow" operettist
18 Latin term usually
abbreviated
21 Window part
22 Early Chinese
dynasty
25 Canadian young
adult fiction
author
McClintock
26 Nice summers
28 Numbers in a
comer, often
29 Texters' amused
syllables
31 Mexican bread
32 What an asterisk
may indicate

33 Lotion additive
34 City WSW of
Sacramento
35 Lays eyes on
36 Armchair partner
37 Hall of Fame
defensive back
Mel
38 Like hell
39 "Edda" author
Sturluson
40 Coat opening?

41 Volcanic fluid
42 Perjurer's
admission
44 "Melrose Place'
actor
46 Explosive
initials
4 judicata:
decided case
48 Some alarm
respondents:
Abbr.

By Dan Naddor 4/1/11

Thursday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. Vim


