# Lake Lag Opened; Rain Halts Events
## 
### 
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
"Beautiful Lake Lagunita" was
opened to water-loving swimmers
and boaters yesterday. But a con
stant drizzle kept all but a few
hardy souls at home. At 10 a.m..
the scheduled opening time, a lone
duck was the only occupant of the
lake.
The adverse weather conditions
caused the senior class to post
pone their scheduled program of
entertainment. They will try again
next Sunday and if the weather is
still had, they wlil hold the pro
gram early next quarter.
