# Public Relations To Hold Tryouts
## 
### 
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
Hiihl tryouts for staff positions
in the newly rrcalod Public Rela
tions Office will he held this after
noon at 4:15 in the Excom room.
Co-oitlinalor (Gordon Addison has
announced.
Appointment* will prohahlv he
announced Wednesday, he said.
Positions are open especially for
people interested in handling bus
iness management positions on the
staff as well as a top advisory job
for a student with a knowledge of
art work, materials, and methods.
