# Ed Council Will Hold Elections
## 
### 
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
Election of officers for the Educa
tion Council will be held today from
9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. in Cubberley
lobby. All education students may
vote.
Nominees for president are Herb
Jones, Mae Larsen, and Vance Fra
zier; vice - president, Ruth Frazier
and Ron Force; secretary, Anne
Neeley and Lois Croonquist; treas
urer, Ruth Swanson.
The Council is representative of
800 graduate and undergraduate ed
ucation majors. It is composed en
tirely of students for the purpose
of promoting the best faculty-stu
dent relationship in the Education
Department.
This quarter the Council has pro
vided student-faculty coffee-hours,
plans for a faculty rating scale, pro
ceedings for alleviating parking
problems, and typewriters and du
plicating machines for student use.
