# Adv. 41 Page 7
## 
### 
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
PREPARE FOR I
|| IT Over 35 years
|y| I of experience
_— and success
I Sma || C | asses
13AT
kUfl I Voluminous home
GRE study materials
ay am m Courses that are
constantly update*
nCAT Tape facilities for
reviews of class
ODJIT lessons and for usi
I of supplementary
Ha materials
Make-ups for
missed lessons
NAT'L MED BDS
THOUSANDS HAVE
RAISED THEIR SCORES
25 Taylor Street
San Francisco, Ca. 94102
(4 15 ) 673-832 1
Voluminous home
study materials
■
Courses that are
constantly updated
reviews of class
lessons and for use
of supplementary
materials
■
Make-ups for
missed lessons
