# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
TRANSLATORS
Only experienced professional free-lance sci-tech-industrial and
medical translators into any major (your native) language. Write
full background and experience details to: AD-EX, P.O. Box 4097
Woodside, Calif. 94062. Include short nonreturnable work sample
(original & your translation), your telephone number, typing
capability, rates desired for draft and/or finished work. P.S.:
Free-lance technical typists in all major ianguages (IBM Selectrics
favored), interested in receiving work by mail, are needed also.
