# Stanford Booters Meet Santa Clara Broncos; Small Field Tough on Indian Offensive Speed
## 
### GLENN ALFORD 
Tomorrow morning at 10:30,
Stanford journies to Santa Clara
to take on the Inept Bronco soc
cer team. Santa Clara has lost
both games it's played this sea
son, to CCSF 15-1 and California
12-0.
However, the road to a Stan
ford victory will not be as easy
as it seems. The game will be
played on the tiny Bronco home
field.
The Santa Clara home field is
both shorter and thinner than the
normal soccer field, so Stanford
won't be able to utilize its great
speed to advantage. Also, the

small si/o of the field will push
the Bronco defense to the center
of the field and check the down
the-center breakaway ability of
Emmanuel Andah.
Stanford has been scouted well
by the Santa Clara coach. Last
week, he figured the Santa Clara-
California game was already lost
to the Broncos, so he turned the
game over to his chief assistant,
and traveled to ihe Farm to watch
the Stanford-USF game, taking
copious notes covering every
phase of the Stanford game.
All that Stanford knows about
Santa Clara is that it has been
slaughtered twice by good teams.

All of last year's Santa Clara
players have departed, leaving
them with no one knows what.
Stanford will use the same
starting lineup that came on
strong in the second half to heat
USF last' week: Beau Bianchi,
goalie; Dan Farthing and Dick
Voake, fullbacks; Jan Achenbach,
Bernie Knaggs and Rusty Wil
liams, halfbacks; and Mike Tip
pet t, Rune Engebrettsen, Emman
uel Andah, Dick Bart let t and
Adam Bianchi, forwards.
Stanford soccer coach Fred
Priddle figures that the combi
nation of the home field and the
scouting report will keep Santa
Clara close to Stanford for one
half, but that in the second half
Stanford's superior conditioning
will begin to tell, and Stanford
will win in a second half rush.
Stanford's undefeated, unscored
upon Jayvees will face Polytech
nic of San Francisco tomorrow

on Harry Maloney Field at 1:30.
Stanford's unscored upon string
may not last through the after
noon, since the two top Stanford
JV goalies are injured.
