# Halloweâ€™en Is Dance Theme
## 
### 
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
The Stanford I-Center leads into
its Halloween activities tonight
with a costume dance at (he Hid
den Village.
Tomorrow from 1 to (i p.m.,
coffee will be served at Bowman
Alumni House. All students are
invited to come and meet stu
dents from other countries infor
mally. Refreshments will he
served.
Continuing their weekend of
activities, the I-Center will spon
sor an "Evening at Home" pro
gram tomorrow, reversing their
usual "Evening Abroad" theme.
This program will feature Ihc
United States as seen through the
eyes of foreign students.
Starting at 8:30 p.m. in the
I-Center, the program will in
clude slides taken by I-Center
members on their travels through
out the U.S. Folk singing and
refreshments will follow the pre
sentation, which is open to all.
The dance tonight starts at X.
and at least one member of each
couple must have an 1-Center
membership card.
