# Girding for Battle
## 
### 

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.

COL. FRANK KNOX, Chicago publisher, is definitely in the presi
dential inud-fest. In "Knox—Journalism's Gift to Politics," a
two-article series beginning in today's editorial columns, Peter
Allen looks at the publisher objectively.
