# Special Preacher Sunday.
## 
### 
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
Bishop Hell of the United Brethren
Church of Berkeley will fill the pulpit
of the University Chapel at Sunday
morning's service.
