# Pre-Reg Starts On Wednesday
## 
### 
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
This week, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, students
should consult their advisers for
programming for Spring Quarter.
Advisers’ special office hours
should be posted outside their of
fices and at department or school
headquarters, according to the
Registrar’s Office.
Students who do not come for
assistance on Wednesday, Thurs
day, or Friday of this week will
forfeit the privilege of preregis
tration. Time Schedules for the
Spring Quarter are now available
at the Registrar’s Office.
