# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
Stanford
THEATRE
Tues.-Wed. Thurs., Jan. 13-14-15
The Screen's Greatest Drama
"ABRAHAM LINCOLN"
The Romance and Adventures of
America's Greatest Man. Its
beauty will charm you—its real
ism will startle you. For young
and old alike—real entertainment
Note:—Matinees Tuesday and
Thursday. One show only on
Matinees starting at 2:45. We
suggest you attend the Mati
nees if possible. ✓
