# Mrs. Snell Will Address Women Education Students
## 
### 
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
Mrs. Elizabeth B. Snell, of the Ap
pointment Office, will apeak Monday
afternoon to all prospective teachers
enrolled in the University. The talk
will be given at 4 o'clock in Room 50,
and all teachers, whether experienced
or not, are urgently requested to be
present.
By speaking to them as a group,
Mrs. Snell believes she can alleviate
the necessity of advising each one in
dividually, and consequently save a
great deal of time.
