# Adv. 21 Page 7
## 
### 
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
The IM wrestling tourney will
be held Friday, Feb. 16, at 2
p.m. Prior to the meet all
interested participants must
attend at least one clinic.
Clinics will be held on Feb. 6,
7, and 8, at 7 p.m. in Encina
Gym.
