# COMPARISON OF U.S., CANADA TOPIC FOR LECTURE BY BOGGS
## Economist Will Speak on Difference, Similarity Of Two Countries 
### 
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
Interpreting the difference and the
similarities of the two countries, Pro
fessor Theodore H. Boggs of the Eco
nomics department will speak on "The
United States and Canada" in his lec
ture in the Little Theatre at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
In his talk Boggs will jpoint out the
difference in the varied rate of de
velopment in the two countries and
will show reasons for the larger popu
lation in the United States as com
pared with that of Canada. Another
point of difference which the speaker
will touch upon is the political status
of both countries. Boggs will compare
the Canadian system of government
which is patterned along the British
system with that of the United States.
Labor development and organiza
tion in both countries will be traced
by Professor Boggs who will show
how labor's history and policy in each
country is similar.
Similarities in tariff policies of
Canada and the United States will be
discussed by Professor Boggs. He will
endeavor to interpret reasons for
similarities, significance of the poli
cies of each country, and the relation
of such policies with other countries.
