# COLLEGES THRIFTY
## 
### 
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
Out of consideration for the strin-1
Kent financial condition of the State |
of Oregon at the present time, neither
the University of Oregon nor the Ore
gon Agricultural College is submitting
to the state budget commission their
estimated financial requirements for
the next two years.
