# PROFESSOR TURNS DETECTIVE; TRAILS CRIME TO SOURCE
## 
### 
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
Reconstructing the crime from
a few feathers and skulls, Dr.
H. C. Bryant, Economic Mam
malogist of the University of
California Museum of Vertebrate
Zoology, did some scientific de
tective work recently which re
sulted in the conviction of sev
eral game-law violators.
Dr. Bryant, who is also Director
of the California Fifth and Game
Commission's Bureau of Research
and Education was called into
service by Wardens C. L. Bun
dock and E. R. Caldwell. He
identified 17 non-game birds found
in the possession of a game-law
violator at a Broadway cafe in
San Francisco. Although there
were only a few feathers and
skulls of the birds, Dr. Bryant
was able to state that there had
been twelve white-crowned spar
rows, four goldfinches, two west
ern towhees, and one California
towhee in the man's possession.
