# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
,pHtlpt • T C K r t
AT LAST
ths best
STANFORD JACKET
obtainable!
I leavy, natural elk leather
sleeves with the finest of
cardinal, melton flannel
body. Reversible, water
repellent lining.
$24.50
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
