# Graduate Vets Should File Charges with VA
## 
### 
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
Graduate students whose admis
sion to candidacy for advanced dei
grees has been granted, and who j
expect to apply to the Veterans
Administration for autumn quarter
expenses, should file an estimate of
such charges with the Veterans' j
Records Office by the end of this j
week.
These costs are incidental to the
sis or dissertation expenses. How
ever, no charges for thesis or dis
sertation will be paid by the VA
unless an estimate is filed.
