# Draft Deferments
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15—National
Selective Service Director Lewis B.
Hershey disclosed today that he may
ask President Truman to wipe out
almost all draft dependency defer
ments exccpt for fathers.
