# Mathematician Joins Research Institute
## 
### 
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
Dr. Leonard Greenstone of
Brooklyn, N.Y., has joined the De
partment of Applied Physics at
Stanford Research Institute. An ap
plied mathematician, he will work
on problems of shock waves and
compressible flow and supply gen
eral mathematical assistance to de
partment projects.
