# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
A brief dispatch from The Hague
states that Chancellor Jordan
has been elected vice-president
of the Peace Congress for Ameri
ca. Edward Berwick, of Pacific
Grove, donor of the Berwick
Peace Prize, and Mrs.Alice Park,
of Palo Alto, are attending the
Congress.
