# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
SPECIALISTS
BRAKES
and
ALIGNING
WHEEL BALANCING
718 EMERSON DA 3 0295
TIME ENOUGH
to select a musical
VALENTINE.
Kinder to the figure too,
than some of (he usual
greelings.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
DA 3-5791
