# Ridgway Protests
## 
### 
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
V«/ '«/
TOKYO, I'd). 12 Oen. Matthew
13. Ridgway protested sharply today
against the 'unwarranted" Russian
seizure of nearly 200 Japanese fish
ing boats in fhr> waters oIT Hok
kaido, Japan , northernmost island
A note cut by Ridgway's head
quarter- to the Soviet member of
the Alh<- I Council lor Japan noted
that the Russians have "totally dis
regarded" previous protests on the
boat seizures, and warned them that
Pidgway lake, a "serious view" of
the matter.
