# CAMPUS OPINION
## 'New Low' in Cellar Service 
### 
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
To the Editor:
I have been attending Stanford for a number of
year::. In the past 112 have always been very amiable
toward the poor quality and service provided by the
Encina Cellar Fountain. Recently, however, this has
reached a new low. One's water-thin milk shake is
slopped in his direction by the lethargic help.
Supposedly open until 10:30, the Encina help begins
shutting down as early as 10:15. The fountain is
closed long before 10:30. This store has a monopoly
and knows it. Their abuse of their franchise is
flagrant. I feel that the University should act to im
prove conditions in this store. The students should
net have to drive outside the campus to obtain foun
tain products of good quality trom considerate help
at reasonable expense. Thank you.
II B. OSEORN
