# London Crowds Mourn George VI
## 
### 

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.

MOURNERS IN RAlN—Crowds line sidewalk despite rain as the body of King George VI is borne
through the streets of London on a gun carriage to Westminster Hall where the late King will lie
in state until the funeral Friday. Royal Dukes of Gloucester and Edinburgh (extreme right) fol
low the bier bareheaded.
