# Lebanon truce called
## 
### 
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
Beirut, Lebanon (AP) — Leaders of
the warring factions in Lebanon
reacted with general approval yester
day to the cease-fire plan hammered
out at a weekend meeting of Arab lead
ers in Saudi Arabia.
But trouble threatened over the
composition of a proposed 30,000-
member peacekeeping army. Sporadic
fighting continued.
"Thank God the results of the con
ference were positive," Lebanese Pres
ident Elias Sarkis, a moderate Christ
ian, said in Damascus en route home
from the meeting in Riyadh with Pales
tine guerrilla leader Yasir Arafat and
the leaders of Egypt, Saudi Arabia,
Syria and Kuwait.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, a
moderate Moslem, said he accepts the
Riyadh plan and the peace force. But
he said the force should be under the
command of Lebanese authorities,
namely Sarkis and himself, rather that
Syrians of Palestinians. He also ques
tioned who would police the cease-fire
when it is due to go into effect Thurs
day. Only 2500 peace-keeping troops
are in Lebanon at present.
Kamal Jumblatt, the leader of the
Lebanese leftist alliance that has been
battling the Christian forces, said he
had not yet read the Riyadh resolu
tions.
Jumblatt said that if the proposed
Arab League force contains soldiers
from Libya, Iraq and Algeria, Lebanon
would "reach the shores of security."
Troops from these radical countries,
however, are totally unacceptable to

the Christians.
Syria wants the bulk of the force to
be from among its 21,000-troop inter
vention force in Lebanon. This would
be acceptable to the Christians and
possibly moderate Moslems but hard
to swallow for guerrillas and leftists
who have been fighting against the Sy
rians.
A full summit meeting of the 21-
member Arab League is scheduled in
Cairo on Mondav.
