# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
The Yale University Athletic Asso
ciation recently awarded the varsity
block "Y" for breaking the world's
record in the 200-yard swim at the
Yale-Columbia dual meet last year.
