# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
Samuel C. Kolis, fiuckel Fellow in
the Education department, will give a
talk Friday to the class in social
agencies on the insai e and the treat
ment of them.
