# Foreign Teaching Positions Offered
## 
### 
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
Information on teaching opportu
nities in New Zealand, Burma, and
the Philippines under the Fulbright
Act is available in the Appointment
Service in Temporary Building C.
Jobs are open at the following
universities:
University of Philippines at Ma
nila, physics; Philippine Women's
University at Manila, nutrition;
Victoria University College in New
Zealand, political science; Univer
sity Colleges in New Zealand,
American history; Department of
State in New Zealand, agriculture,
biology, anthropology, botany, ge

oyraphy, public health; State Train
ing College for Teachers in Burm...
educational methods, physical edu
cation; University of Rangoon in
Burma, public health, paleontology,
modern history of the Far Ea>:.
biology, economics, economic sta
tistics.
