# Navy Professor To Visit Stanford
## 
### 
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
Senior Professor Earl W. Thom
son of the department of electrical
engineering at the Naval Academy
at Annapolis will visit Stanford
soon. The purpose of the visit will
be an investigation of the courses,
laboratories, and methods of in
struction in the departments of
chemistry, physics, and electrical
engineering.
Dr. A. John Bartky, cean of the
College of Education at Stanford,
will act as Professor Thomson's
host. Dr. Bartky has been the lead
er of the panel discussions on edu
cation at the Nava! Academy, which
have been held for the past two
Septembers.
Dr. Thomson's visit to the West
Coast will also include studies of
scientific courses at California In
stitute of Technology, Southern Cal
ifornia, California, and Washington.
