# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

On the road again
The Cardinal hoopsters
hit L.A. for a game
tonight with ninth-place
use.
Page 11

A lesser More
San Jose Rep's "Man for
All Seasons" descends to
sitcom level.
Page 10

How bad was it?
The Question Man learns
the worst about the
Stanford experience.
Page 8

