# Adv. 29 Page 6
## 
### 
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
CL^Vi/ore
couples
come to
(larl\ Ir
|rw clrr.s
for their
DIAMOND RIN(;S
Because
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere tor the
same fine qualily Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlule
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Streat
Downtown Polo Alto
323 2834
