# Will Lecture on Socialism.
## 
### 
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
Bishop F. P. Spaulding who so ably
filled the pulpit of the University
Chapel yesterday morning has con
sented to give his well-known address
"Does Marxian Socialism Involve a
Denial of Christianity?" in the Uni
versity Chapel, Wednesday evening.
