# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chess Club. — There will be a
meeting of the Chess Club in room
11 quad Monday at 1.15 p.m. to
elect officers for the following se
mester. It is also desired that all
those who play chess and those
who desire to compete for the team
to play against Berkeley be at the
meeting at Professor Richardson's
Monday evening. Erle Veuve,
President.
Chess Club. — There will be a
meeting of the Chess Club in room
11 quad Monday at 1.15 p.m. to
elect officers for the following se
mester. It is also desired that all
those who play chess and those
who desire to compete for the team
to play against Berkeley be at the
meeting at Professor Richardson's
Monday evening. Erle Veuve,
President.
Chess Club. — There will be a
meeting of the Chess Club in room
11 quad Monday at 1.15 p.m. to
elect officers for the following se
mester. It is also desired that all
those who play chess and those
who desire to compete for the team
to play against Berkeley be at the
meeting at Professor Richardson's
Monday evening. Erle Veuve,
President.
Chess Club. — There will be a
meeting of the Chess Club in room
11 quad Monday at 1.15 p.m. to
elect officers for the following se
mester. It is also desired that all
those who play chess and those
who desire to compete for the team
to play against Berkeley be at the
meeting at Professor Richardson's
Monday evening. Erle Veuve,
President.
Chess Club. — There will be a
meeting of the Chess Club in room
11 quad Monday at 1.15 p.m. to
elect officers for the following se
mester. It is also desired that all
those who play chess and those
who desire to compete for the team
to play against Berkeley be at the
meeting at Professor Richardson's
Monday evening. Erle Veuve,
President.
