# Senior Finances.
## 
### 
The iinance committee of '5)8 is
arranging for a series of entertain
ments to eliminate the debt in
curred on their Annual. In the
near future Dr. Jordan will give
his famous lecture on the Passion
l'lay. As this is one of the most
interesting lectures Dr. Jordan has
ever given and has not been heard
here for a number of years there
will undoubtedly lie a hirge num
ber of students avail themselves of
the opportunity.
The iinance committee of '5)8 is
arranging for a series of entertain
ments to eliminate the debt in
curred on their Annual. In the
near future Dr. Jordan will give
his famous lecture on the Passion
l'lay. As this is one of the most
interesting lectures Dr. Jordan has
ever given and has not been heard
here for a number of years there
will undoubtedly lie a hirge num
ber of students avail themselves of
the opportunity.
The iinance committee of '5)8 is
arranging for a series of entertain
ments to eliminate the debt in
curred on their Annual. In the
near future Dr. Jordan will give
his famous lecture on the Passion
l'lay. As this is one of the most
interesting lectures Dr. Jordan has
ever given and has not been heard
here for a number of years there
will undoubtedly lie a hirge num
ber of students avail themselves of
the opportunity.
The iinance committee of '5)8 is
arranging for a series of entertain
ments to eliminate the debt in
curred on their Annual. In the
near future Dr. Jordan will give
his famous lecture on the Passion
l'lay. As this is one of the most
interesting lectures Dr. Jordan has
ever given and has not been heard
here for a number of years there
will undoubtedly lie a hirge num
ber of students avail themselves of
the opportunity.
The iinance committee of '5)8 is
arranging for a series of entertain
ments to eliminate the debt in
curred on their Annual. In the
near future Dr. Jordan will give
his famous lecture on the Passion
l'lay. As this is one of the most
interesting lectures Dr. Jordan has
ever given and has not been heard
here for a number of years there
will undoubtedly lie a hirge num
ber of students avail themselves of
the opportunity.
