# SALVATION ARMY DRIVE NETS $100
## 
### 
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
One hundred dollars tn all was taken
in by the Salvation Army house to
house drive which was conducted last
week on the campus by the Women's
Service Board. The money will go to
he national Salvation Army fund
which is being raised throughout the
United States for the Salvation Army
Orphanage at Lytton. Hie orphanage
was recently destroyed by fire. The
care of the orphans is one of the
primary interests of the Salvation
\rmy, and two hundred and fifty
faMierless and motherless children
were left homeless when the orphan
age was burned.
The Salvation Army hopes, with the
amount raised in the recent campaign,
to rebuild the orphanage before next
winter.
