# MASQUERS SUBSTITUTE NEW CURTAIN-RAISER
## 
### 
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
"The Constant Lover," a comedy dia
logue, with Melba P>erry '22 and Lester
Seib '22. has been selected for the cur
tain-raiser for the Masquers' plays on
June 3, in place of "The Farewell Din
ner." The play is a modern satire, in
volving a number of clever situations
and, because of its superiority over the
play first selected, has been substituted
for it at the last minute.
The outstanding feature of the three
plays to be produced is the lighting and
staging effects that have been planned
The stage is to be constructed on La-
Gjunita between the Men's and Women's
boathouses, and will be banked with
"Teen benches, with the lake in the
background. The lighting problem, n
very difficult one, has been solved, and
wires will be led to the temporary stare
over the lake. The effect will be bril
liant.
