# MINERS TURN DOWN SETTLEMENT PLAN
## 
### United Press 
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—The
Anthracite Miners' Convention unani
mously defeated a proposition submit
ted by Secretary of Labor Wilson for
the settlement of wage differences with
mine operators. They aerreed however,
to adopt President Wilson's proposal
for the appointment of a commission to
adjust disputes.
