# Mexican Situation is Wrangler Subject
## 
### 
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
"The Mexican Situation" is the title
of a talk to be given by Imo Raugh
man, '18, at a meeting of Wranglers'
Society at the Women's Clubhouse to
night at 7:15. A business meeting will
follow the talk.
