# DOCTOR OF DIVINITY DEGREE CONFERRED UPON REVEREND DAVID CHARLES GARDNER
## 
### 
The Church Divinity School of the
Pacific has conferred the degree of
Doctor of Divinity on Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner. Dr. Gardner is the
first alumnus of the School to receive
an honorary degree. Only one other
honorary degree has been granted by
this institution Archdeacon Emery was
honored last year upon his retirement
as Archdeacon of the California Dio
cese. The degree was conferred on
Dr. Gardner Tuesday in recognition t)f
his services and accomplishments as
Chaplain of Stanford University. Dr.
Gardner was a graduate of the first
class of the Church Divinity School
of the Pacific which was founded at
San Mateo, twenty-six years ago, as
a training school for Episcopal clergy
men for the Western States and the
Islands of the Pacific. He came from
the Divinity School direct to Stan
ford as its first chaplain.
The degree was conferred by Bishop
Nichols who organized the Divinity
School and was its first head and has
been a close friend of Dr. Gardner ever
since. Bishop Nichols in conferring
the degree used the following words:
"Summoned at this time for an honor
from his Alma Mater is a member of
its earliest class, who has done not
able service in his ministry for eigh
teen years since he was selected by
Mrs. Leland Stanford as the first
Chaplain of the Leland Stanford Juni
or University. In that large academic
sphere he has happily pioneered and
interpreted the ideals for its Chap
laincy, fostered by its Founders, as
priest, as a preacher, as a teacher of
Sacred Studies, as a well-approved
curator of the University pulpit in
meeting its provisions for messages
from many religious Bodies and as a
devoted pastor, in character and min
istration winning the confidence and
co-operation both of the Authorities
and students. Though by its own law,
the University is barred from any de
coration by Honorary Degrees his rare
fidelity and fitness have been by it
otherwise unmistakably betokened.
"Indue recognition of all which,
and by virtue of the authority com
mitted to me from the Board of Trus
tees of the Church Divinity School of
the Pacific, I hereby grant and convey
the Degree of Doctor of Divinity to the
Reverend David Charles Gardner."


Dr. Gardner
