# TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES IS RELEASED
## 
### 
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
TRAIN ATTACHED FOR TAXES
AVON PARK, Fla., April 13. i/P)
'Atlantic Coast Line Kail road
property, including a passenger
train, three locomotives, motor and
freight cars, and sixty mi lew of
trackage, was released temporarily
today from attachment made yes
terday by Sheriff Oscar/Wolff, who
levied for alleged unpaid taxes.
