# HOSPITAL BURNS
## 
### 
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
ST. JAMBS, Mo., April Hi. (/I'l
Tin; hospital of Mil! Federal Sol
diers' Home hero was destroyed by
fire today. Seventy inmates were
removed safely front the huildiiiK
and none was injured. The loss ex
ceeded $10(1,0(10.
