# NEW TREATY TYPE CRUISER BUILT FOR U.S.
## 
### 

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.

Built to full fighting strength permitted by the Washington naval pact of 1922, the Chicago, 600 feet
over all and weighing 10,000 tons, was launched April 10, 19 months aftei - work was started. Inset: Mrs.
Elizabeth Britten, the official sponsor, sister of the chairman of the house naval affairs committee.
