# Rolph Candidate
## 
### 

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.

Mayor James Rolps, Jr., of San j
Francisco, will seek the Republican
nomination for governor at the Au- j
gust primaries in California.
