# IMMUNITY ASKED
## 
### 
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
SAN FItANCISCO. April 15. (/P)
Diplomatic immunity was claimed
by Ned Novakovich, attache of the
Jugoslavian Consulate here, when
he appeared before Police Judge
Joseph M. Golden yesterday on a
charge of battery.
