# DESERTERS PENALIZED
## 
### 
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
LONDON, April 15. (/P)—IThe1The
House of Lords, hy a vote of 4f> to
12, reinserted :i vlausa providing
the »l«'nth penalty for cowardice
nnd desertion In the army hill.
