# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
WEDNESDAY
3:00 p. m.—Mathematical Statistics
Club meets in room 72, Mathe
matics building. Professor J. V.
Uspensky will speak on "Mo
ments and Continued Fractions."
All interested are invited.
5:00 p.m.—Business meeting of Pi
Lambda Thela, national women's
educational fraternity, on the sec
ond floor of the Women's Club
house.
7:00 p.m.—All freshmen interested
in debating are urged by Leon
Carley, freshman debate director,
to attend a meeting in room 201.
7:00 p.m.—The Stanford Flying Club
will hold a general meeting at the
Palo Alto School of Aviation.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
7:15 p.m.—The Stanford Radio Club
will hold its first meeting in room
2G3. Engineering Building.
8:00 p.m.—Chi Nu Kappa, honorary
classical literature society, will
meet in Women's Clubhouse. Dr.
Augustus T. Murray will speak.
8:00 p.m.—There will be a very im
portant meeting of the tryoutees
for the Daily staff in the Daily
office. All tryoutees must be there.
THURSDAY
5:15 p.m.—Women's "S" Society will
hold its first meeting of the year
downstairs in the Women's Club
house. Plans for the all-Univer
sity Carnival will be discussed.
All members please be present.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
golf team at the Delta Kappa Ep
silon house,
7:15 p.m. — A short preliminary
meeting of all ushers for the
A.S.S.U. concert series will be
held in the Pavilion. Failure to
appear means loss of job.
7:45 p.m.—The varsity chess team
will meet in the lobby of the Old
Union to practice for the Cali
fornia match.
FRIDAY
7:30 p.m.—The Education Club, in
cluding all students in the educa
tion department, meets in the
Women's Clubhouse. Program and
refreshments.
MISCELLANEOUS
ALL MEN wishing to sell programs
at the U.S.C., Washington, and
Dartmouth football games leave
word for Marshall Taylor at the
B.A.C.
CONCERT TICKETS may be called
for at the Concert office in the
Old Union.
