# STUDENT KICKED BY HORSE DURING DRILL
## 
### 
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
Hart Preston, '34, who was injured
yesterday afternoon in the R.O.T.C.
drill as he attempted to mount, his
horse, is not considered seriously
hurt. Although he is suffering from
a twisted hip, an X-ray disclosed
no broken bones.
