# JOURNAL CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
The Journal Club of the Physics
department will hold a meeting to
day at 4:15 p.m. in room 373. Prof.
J. G. Brown will give a talk on
"Research in Atmospheric Elec
tricity."
