# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
Editor, The Daily:
I was not only disappointed in
the performance of “our hoy”
leading card stunts and of “our
boys” in the game. I was pretty
disappointed in “our hoys” at the
game. Perhaps if we hadn’t been

quite so unanimously “sudsed al
dawn” (and for quite a while
afterwards) the disappointment
in the game and in the outrage
ous spirit leadership wouldn’t
have spirited quite such a de
gradingly immature reaction.
Sallie .Moran
