# Tryouts to Begin For Prize Play
## 
### 
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
Open tryouts for the Stanford
Players’ production of "East
Wall, West Wall” will be held to
night and tomorrow at 7:30 p.m.
in the Little Theater in Memorial
Auditorium. Director James Kcr
ans will be seeking to fill parts
for seven men and four women.
"East Wall, West Wall,” writ
ten by San Franciscan Phillip
Grayson, is the prize-winning
play of the Stanford Players 1961
Play r Writing Contest, and deals
with the explosive relationships
of a Jewish family in Toronto.
