# Adv. 18 Page 11
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Downtown Palo AJto family with 3
year old boy seeks PT childcare
Weds and Fridays - no car needed
prinlee@pacbell.net
Need 4 hrs of child care Tue 3-7
11 y/o girl - AYOUNKER@POL.NET
Seeking FRENCH nanny with flex,
schedule. Call 6505668150 or e
maJmichelebeaucharnp@gmai.corn
Seeking sitter for boys 9 and 11
on Mondays and occasionally
during week/ends. 3:30 start
time. Must drive and have
references. Palo Alto 813-9272
sternfaml@comcast.net
DONORS WANTED
EGG DONORS NEEDED
$6000-515000+ (based on
specific qualifications) for
qualified, responsible applicants.
Special need for Jewish, Asian,
East Indian Donors. Close
personal support provided by an
experienced Egg Donor. Fertility
Alternatives, Inc. 951-696-7466
www.FertilityAlternatives.com
