# Four more years?
## Inside today's Daily: 
### 
Stanford students go to
Philadelphia suburb for
last-push get-out-the
vote effort. Page 4.
In a tight race fora
State Assembly seat,
Democrat Ira Ruskin
seems to have nudged
out Republican Steve
Poizner. Page 5.
Californians voted to
support $3 billion for
stem-cell research; the
measure will bring
Stanford tens of mil
lions of dollars. Page 5.
Local Democrats fared
well. U.S. Congress
woman for California's
14th district, which in
cludes Stanford, was re
elected.U.S. Senator
Barbara Boxer won a
third term and State
Assemblyman Joseph
Simitian won as well.
Page 5.
