# Untitled Article
## 
### 
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
BONN, Germany, Nov. 13 (AP). —Frau
Alexander Zubkoff, the former Princess
Victoria of Prussia and sister of the
former kaiser, died today at her residence
here.
