# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Nov. 13 (AP).
—William Phillips has resigned as min
ister to Canada.
