# POSTAGE STAMP AUCTION
## 
### 
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
Many interesting lots of rare post
age stamps have already been entered
into the stamp auction which is to be
held by the Palo Alto Philatelic So
ciety next Monday night at the Palo
Alto Chamber of Commerce building,
according to George V. L. Haskell,
president. All entries should be made
through A. H. Wheeler at the local
postoffice by Saturday.
