# Ragan Works New System In Coaching Tennis Squad
## 
### 
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
"The varsity tennis team this year
is probably getting better coaching
than it has ever before had," re
marked Elwyn Bugge, director of ten
nis, today. "Under the new system of
tennis administration Frank Ragan
has a definite schedule for working
out with every man on the varsity
squad, studying the weaknesses of
each man's game."
Ragan, tennis instructor with How
ard Kinsey at the California Tennis
Club in San Francisco, comes to the
campus every Monday and Thursday.
Each day he picks out 6 varsity play
ers and works with them individually
during the afternoon. Next week he
will probably begin working with the
freshmen in addition, according to
Bugge.
"It is likely that Ford Tussing will
arrange tho first of the projected
week-end tennis exhibition matches
this week, in San Francisco," said
Bugge. "There will be a definite an
nouncement later."
