# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
Sigma Chi announces the pledging
of August G. Boeger and A. Lincoln
Hawley, both members of the class
of '31.
