# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
Mr. W.E. Nevill of the Mechanics
Chess Club of San Francisco con
sented to play exhibition matches
with the strongest players of the
Stanford Chess Club on December 23,
and to explain to the campus club
various interesting problems of the
game.
