# Prince Hopes For Longer Dresses; Will Help Trade
## 
### 
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
BRADFORD, England, Nov. 13 (/P).
—The Prince of Wales dipped diffidently
into the subject of women's fashions
today in addressing a luncheon given at
the opening of the new Chamber of Com
merce building in this wool industry cen
ter.
"It is not for me to express an opinion
whether women look better in short or in
long dresses," said the prince, "but for
the sake of Bradford's trade I hope they
will be made long."
