# Toro Win Features Yesterday's Mural Football Contests
## 
### 
After the Alpha Delts had scored in
the first five minutes of play, El Toro
produced two touchdowns and a con
version to win the most spectacular
of the mural touch football games yes
terday by a score of 13-6. With the
row team leading, 6-0, Toro marched
down the field to knot up the score
at half time.
A pass from Hubbard to "Maraters"
Krause in the third quarter put the
clubmen in the lead, but Lauritzen
late in the game intercepted a pass
and ran 65 yards to Toro's 18-yard
line where Hubbard ran him out of
bounds. With but two minutes left to
play, the Row team called four plays
in rapid succession, but failed to
score and Toro took the ball on downs
as the game ended.
Leading for three quarters the Zetes
saw the Delta Chi team intercept a
pass in the closing minutes of play,
score a touchdown, and convert to
make the score a 7-7 tie. When the
game ended in a deadlock, the teams
played off the draw by having each
team run off five plays. Zeta Psi
gained more ground than their op
ponents, and were declared the vic
tors.
In the other games played yester
day, the Betas defeated Sequoia II
26-6, and Kappa Sigma downed Kappa
Alpha by a count of 20-6. Today's
games are: Delta Upsllon vs. Alpha
Kappa Lambda, and Sigma Nu vs.
Alpha Sigma Phi.
At present the Phi Sigma Kappa
and Phi Kappa Sigma teams are tied
for the leadership of League 1, Delta
Tau Delta leads League 2, Breakers
leads League 3, Kappa Sigma and the
Betas hold the top position in League
4, while Sigma Nu and El Toro are
the only undefeated teams in League 5.
