# Terman To Talk On Radio Waves At Engineer Meet
## 
### 
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
Election of officers for the year, and
a talk on"The Propagation of High
Frequency Radio Waves" by Profes
sor Frederick E. Terman of the En
gineering Department are the main
events on the program for the meeting
of the Radio Club which will be held
this evening nt 7:30 o'clock in room
2G3 of the Civil Engineering Building,
according to Acting President Jack
Low.
