# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
OF COURSE
YOU'LL BE BUSY
•
\\ hy Waste* time writ
ing letters when yon
can send tlic Summer
Daily home for Only
£1.00
PIIO>E 4717
