# Baseball at California.
## 
### 
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
Orval Overall, captain of the
baseball nine at California, has
taken out a leave of absence for a
year, and will go into business.
For the past three years Overall
has been the most prominent figure
in college athletics in California.
He has played the position of guard
on the varsity football team for
four years, and was captain of last
year's eleven. The loss of Overall
will he a severe blow to California
in baseball, for his pitching has
been an important factor in her
victories during the last three sea
sons. His place will probably be
filled by Heitmuller, who played
center field on last year's varsity
team. Heitmuller had intended to
try for first base, and may yet play
at this position. In this case the
coach will be forced to develop a
pitcher from comparatively new
material. Hansen, who has been a
substitute pitcher for the past two
seasons, is not in college, but in
case he returns he may fill the
position vacated by Overall.
Joseph McCarthy, who was a
professional umpire, has been ap
pointed baseball coach at Califor
nia. The first practice of the sea
son was held yesterday, and about
forty candidates came out. Of last
year's team there are but four men
who are now in college—Hatch,
catcher; Bliss, third base; Adams,
short-stop; and Heitmuller, center
field —but from the large number
of candidates the coach expects to
build up a strong nine.
