# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
—Michigan and Wisconsin are
preparing for an indoor track meet.
The last meet between these uni
versities was in 1898, when Michi
gan won.
— Cornell will be represented at
the annual indoor games of the
athletic association of Georgetown
University, to be held Saturday,
February 20th, at Convention Hall,
Washington.
