# Places Thesis in Library.
## 
### 
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
Dr. T. A. Storey, director of
Encina gymnasium, has placed two
hundred copies of his doctor's
thesis in the University Library.
The dissertation whs presented by
Dr. Btorev in April, 1902, to the
faculty in Physiology and Histol
ogy for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy. It consists of two
papers, entitled "Studies in Volun
tary Muscular Contraction."
Acting on the advice of Dr. O. P.
Jenkins of the department of Phy
siology, Dr. Storey hegan work on
the thesis in the fall of 1897. The
experiments were performed in
Encina gymnasium, in a majority
of cases upon students taking
gymnasium work. The thesis shows
great research ability and thorough
preparation, and will be of interest
to students in physiology or to
those who are interested in the
muscular tests applied in gym
nasia.
