# 169 Gridsters Out for Drills
## 
### 
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
lb .id Coach "Maivhic" Schwartz
greeted Hi!) grid hopefuls as the first
official spring football practice got
under way yesterday "afternoon at
1. Drills will be continued from
Monday through Friday until the
allotted Coast Conference ruling of
.'JO workouts has been used up.
After a short warm-up consisting
principally of calisthenics, Schwartz
divided the men into six units, tu
toring them in the fundamentals of
blocking, tackling, and change of
pace running. Group work followed
with the ends working under assist
ant mentor Elwood, the tackles and
guards handled by coaches Taylor,
Bengtson, and Scribner, and Hani -
mett, Kmetovic, and the Head man
putting the backs through their
paces.
A punting drill with the linemen
going down under and the backs
bringing the ball up the field com
pleted the work for the evening.
Fundamentals and physical con
ditioning will be stressed through
out the entiro drills, with body con
tact expected a week from Friday.
Hard scrimmages are definitely in
the offing but no inter-squad or in
ter-school contests will be sched
uled.
