# FOOTBALL MOVIES
## 
### 
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
Following S t a n f o r d away
games, films of the contest will
be shown on the following Mon
day, at noon, in Room 274 of Tre
sidder Memorial Union. There is
no charge.
