# Foreign Students Invited by Rotary
## 
### 
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
Foreign students interested in at
tending a luncheon on any Monday
noon as guests of the Palo Alto Ro
tary Club should Ret in touch with
Mr. Waterous, Foreign Student Ad

viser.
No public speaking is required,
and students will have the opportu
nity to visit informally with mem
bers of the club during the meal.
