# UNIVERSITY CHORUS
## 
### 
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
Please meet in Room 320 (Geology
corner) at 3:15 p.m. Sunday for the
Davison concert. Women will please
wear white long - sleeved blouses
and black skirts; men will wear dark
suits, white shirts, and dark ties.
Ushers will meet in the vestibule at
3:15.
