# Far East Red Cross Official Visits Campus
## 
### 
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
Pyun Yung Tai, professor, author,
and vice - president of the Korean
Red Cross, will visit the Stanford
campus today.
Winding up a three-month tour of
the United States on a State De
partment grant, Professor Pyun will
be the guest here of Prof. Richard
Foster Jones, head of the English
Department.
The Korean professor was forced
into 4'ding in Seoul (when North
Korean forces invaded the city last
June. He escaped across the Han
River on June 28 and on reaching
Pusan was appointed acting presi
dent of the Korean Red Cross.
He held that position until he re
turned to Seoul after the North Ko
rean withdrawal. He came to the
United States in November on a
grant - in - aid of the State Depart
ment's exchange of persons program.
Professor Pyun was professor of
English at the University of Korea
from 1945 until the North Korean
invasion. He taught English at the
Choon-ang Middle School in Seoul
during the previous 24 years.
