# Profs to Discuss Radio Telescope
## 
### 
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
Two Stanford researchers will
discuss the radio exploration of
outer space tonight at 7 on Chan
nel 4's "Science in Action."
Professors O. G. Villard Jr. and
Ronald N. Bracewell are experts
on the radio telescopes which
probe the universe by using radio
waves instead of the conventional
light waves of ordinary tele
scopes.
