# Squire Behrens Is Back From France
## 
### 
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
E. C. Behrens, '15, former graduate
manager of the Stanford stud it hod\
has returned from France, an< is visit
ing on the campus. Behrens wor
commission in the Sanitary Corps He
has not yet received his disch >>-;>
