# Untitled Article
## 
### 
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
varsity and freshmen games have been
arranged by the two managers, but th«»
sanction of the California farultv is
needed. Whether there will be a Stan
ford-California came, marking th • re
sumpt'on of football relations between
the (wo schools after a period of three
years, *an not b? even predit 1 \ ns yet
