# Lagunita to Hold 'Danse Macabre'
## 
### 
Unusual surrealistic decorations,
delicious food, and Gary Notting
ham's music will be offered tonight
from !) to 1, at the Lagunita-Ven
tura formal," "Danse Macabre."
Tickets may still be purchased to
day after lunch in the Lagunita lob
by for resident and Ventura girls
and their guests, Shela Oatway,
lickcl chairman, said yesterday.

Patrons for the dance include: Mr.
and Mrs. Edward White of the his
tory department; Miss Elizabeth
Crandall, director of Lagunita; Mrs.
Ida D. Hueneryager, director of
Casa Ventura; Miss Elizabeth Rice,
Lagunita dining hall director; Mr.
and Mrs. Arthur Amuedo from the
Village; and the resident assistants
of each casa, Dianne Worth and Jo
Wilson, patrons chairmen, an
nounced.
Chairmen of the various commit
tees are as follows: general chair
man, Charleen Widmer; decorations,
Phyllis Rapp; publicity, Marti Tul
lar; patrons, Dianne Worth and Jo
Wilson; food, Jean Hahn; tickets,
Sheila Oatway; bids. Holly Hough
ton; orchestra, June Hemenway;
hostesses, Leslie Greif; arrange
nents, Joan Cochran; and clean-up,
Joan Blatchley.
