# ENGINEERING JOBS
## 
### 
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
Charles Frick of the Ames Aero
nautical Laboratory, Moffett Field,
will be here Nov. 4 to meet senior
engineering students interested in
employment opportunities with the
National Advisory Committee for
Aeronautics, at the laboratory. In
terested candidates should call at
the Appointment Service, room 16(5,
Administration Building, to arrange
foi interviews.
