# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
—An interesting article on the
presentation of the old English
play, "The Knight of the Burning
Pestle," which was given by the
Stanford English Club last spring,
appears in the August issue of Out
West. Four full-page cuts accom
panying the article give an excel
lent idea of the stage and repro
duce the quaint poster that was
used.
