# Quads.
## 
### 
— Dr. Jordan visited the Encina
Club Friday night, and expressed
great satisfaction with the condi
tion of affairs.
—The class in Oral Discussion
will debate the question of free
text-hooks for elementary schools
next Wednesday.
—Searight lias obtained a dis
cbarge from the army and is in
Anaconda, a groat rival of Butte in
football. "Pete" Smith is going
soon and Bert Oliver will follow
later.
— Dr. Adelaide Brown of Palo
Alto leaves next month for study
at Johns Hopkins University, re
turning to resume her ollice work
in San Francisco and Pal Alto on
September 1.
—The Phi Kappa Psis will soon
begin the construction < 112 a new
fraternity house. The site has a
frontage of 125 feet on University
avenue, east of Cowper street. The
cost of the house will be $7,000.
