# MAILED GRADES HELP CONVALESCENT HOME
## 
### 
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
Students desiring to have their
grades mailed to them at the end
of the summer quarter can do a
good turn for children at the
Stanford Convalescent Home by
leaving five cents with the regis
trar's office and addressing an
envelope.
Last quarter the sale of en
velopes amounted to $61.82, out
of which the cost of $21.94 post
age was paid, leaving $39.88
which was given to the Home.
