# CONGRESSMAN FREE LECTURES
## 
### 
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
Congressman Arthur M. Free of this
district lectured before Professor Vic
tor J. West's 10 o'clock class in Legis
latures and Legislation on recent,
proceedure of bills through Congress
and the work of the various congres
sional committees.
