# Psychology Class to Visit Stockton Insane Asylum
## 
### 
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
An automobile trip to Stockton next
Saturday, for the purpose of visiting
the Asylum for the Insane, located in
that city, is being planned by students
in psychology, under the direction of
Calvin P. Stone, associate professor of
psychology. The party will leave early
in the morning and will not return
until evening.
The journey will be for the same
purpose as was the one to Agnews
"last week by Professor Stone and a
group of students.
