# Stiffer charges expected later
## Hijackers Given Preliminary Sentences 
### 
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
GENOA, Italy — After a hasty trial marked by
astonishing praise from their accusers, the
hijackers of the Achille Lauro received prelimi
nary prison sentences of from four to nine years
yesterday on minor weapons charges, the least
serious they face.
Genoa Prosecutor Luigi Carli surprised trial
spectators by putting no passengers on the stand
and presenting only witnesses who praised the
hijackers of the luxury cruise liner for their
"courage and firmness" and by appearing to jus
tify their terrorist actions in his own argument.

In pre-trial confessions read to the court in
Arabic before Carli presented his case, the self
acknowledged chief of the ship's hijackers in
directly acknowledged that he murdered the el
derly and invalid American passenger, Leon
Klinghoffer, the only fatality during the three
day hijacking early last month.
Yesterday's court proceedings, hurriedly con
cluded in order to guarantee the continued
detention of the five Palestinians while inves
tigators prepare more serious hijacking, kidnap
ping and murder charges against them, required

only eight nonstop hours of testimony and the
deliberation.
One longtime Genoa court observer said the
prosecutor may have used a relatively benign ap
proach in this trial as a tactical weapon, designed
by its generosity to win the continued coopera
tion of the five men in the more serious trial
later.
The five defendants, four young men who ac
tually hijacked the ship and a fifth who was ar
rested in Genoa as an accomplice in getting their
weapons and explosives aboard, sat quietly
through most of the proceedings.
