# MERRIMAN SIGNS
## 
### 
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
Lloyd Merriman, who in 1946 was
Stanford's pride and joy-on the grid
field as well as the Sunken Dia
mond, signed his 1950 contract with
the Cincinnati Reds, it was an
nounced last night. Merriman, a
bonus player, hit .230 in 103 games
last season.
