# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
The Francisco Seals announced
yesterday that they will trade in
fielder Frank Shofner to Columbus
for Don Lang, a veteran of the
major leagues.
