# Untitled Article
## 
### 
X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

X-acto
The Cardinal baseball
team knifes its way into
second place.
Page 7

T-squared
Tracy Furutani went to
Caltech, and so did
Campus Compendium.
Page 7

Bold rulers
In Tokyo, Western
leaders talk terrorism.
Page 12

