# Warmed Up on the Gridiron.
## 
### 
Two full elevens faced each other
on the field Saturday at 9:30 and
played in the hot sun for nearly
two hours.
The play was not so snappy as
during the earlier part of the week
but was very fair. The second
eleven was strong and managed to
hold their sturdy rivals down in
pretty good shape.
Frazier played fuilback for the
scrubs and his punting was very
satisfactory.
The Varsity line is by no means
stiff enough. The halfbacks are
not protected in the proper manner
and, in consequence, lirst-clafs
interference can not be developed.
The second team is being strength
ened and the management is doing
its utmost to build up a strong op
posing eleven for the Varsity.
Since the appointment of a captain
for the scrubs the men seem to take
a strong interest in the work and
this week gives promise of being
one of the best in the season's his
tory. The lield will be in line con
dition for tonight and there will
undoubtedly be men enough on the
field to form three eleveKV. Jn this
way the Varsity will be made to
oppose a virtually fresh team
throughout the play.
