# Fisher to Appear On KNBC Program
## 
### 
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
"What have been the outstanding
trends in American foreign policy
during .1948, and what are these
trends likely to lead into during
the year ahead?"
That is the question to be an
swered by three guest experts on
KNBC's "World Affairs Are Your
Affairs" program Friday evening at
9:30.
Present to review the year's
events will be two NBC commen
tators, Elmer Peterson and Harold
Fisher, as well as Eugene Staley,
educational director of the World
Affairs Council. Fisher is also the
chairman of the Hoover Institute
and Library here and a veteran of
the "World Affairs" meetings.
The program is sponsored jointly
ty the San Francisco News, the
World Affairs Council, and the Na
tional Broadcasting Company.
