# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.

ONLY THE BELL tower and a portion of front wall
of Bethel Lutheran Church remain standing after
tornado swept through small rural community of

Vilas, Ivas. In addition to church, the parsonage
and half a dozen other houses were destroyed, hut
there were no reported deaths.
