# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
BAY AREA—Clear today and to
morrow, slightly warmer in after
noons; liyht, variable winds.
