# Dr. Jordan and Daughter Stormbound.
## 
### 
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
President David " Starr Jordan and
daughter, .Miss Edith, were storm
hound in Santn Barbara all day Sun
day. A telegram to his secretary said
that they were unahle to return to Los
Angeles or to .yet farther north, on
account of the washouts. President
Jordan and his daughter are expected
to arrive on the campus tomorrow
iiitiht.
The I)iirial of .Miss Jordan's fiance
occurred yesterday afternoon in Mon
terey.
