# Law Scholarships
## 
### 
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
Carl B. Spaeth, Dean of the School
of Law, announced yesterday that
applications for Law scholarships
are now being accepted.
Although action on graduate
scholarships generally is not taken
until April 1. the Law School, con
sistent with the practice of the As
sociation of American Law Schools,
will act on applications as soon as
they are processed.
For information and necessary ap
plication forms write Dean of the
Law School or inquire at the Dean's
office.
