# Indian Swimmers Place in TI Meet
## 
### 
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
Stanford swimmers Jon Weiser,
Larry Heim, and Robin Moore all
placed in the Treasure Island swim
ming meet at TI Saturday. Weiser
and Heim placed two-three in the
men's 100-yard backstroke;, behind
the record-breaking performance of
Buddy Baarcke of the U.S. Army.
