# JV Cagers Seek 7th Win Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
The Stanford Braves go after their
seventh win of the season tonight at
the Pavilion when they play Con
cordia College. Tipoff for the game
is at 8:30.
Concordia, a Lutheran college in
Oakland, with only 57 students,
should be an easy foe for the JV's,
as they have won only one game in
13 starts this season. They are cur
rently in last place in the Coast JC
Conference with no wins and seven
losses. Concordia does, however,
have an outstanding player in cen
ter Bob Larson, who is one of the
top JC scorers in Northern Califor
nia with an average of over 20
points a game.
