# Naval Court Martial Presents New Finding
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. (/P>A find
ing has been made In tlie court
martial case of Lieut. Harold Wil
son Northcutt of the Navy's Con
st ruction corps, who disappeared
October 22 and \yas found 12 days
later at Vancouver, Canada.
