# Hengeler War Cartoons Form Library Exhibition
## 
### 
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
German cartoons and the first
material on a group of post-war
succession states have been plated
in the Hoover War Library exhibit
cases.
Drawn by A. Hengeler and dis
tributed in Germany in 1914-lf», the
colored cartoons illustrate the Ger
man war attitude with such sub- 1
jects as, "I am fighting for Euro
pean culture —15 shillings per
week."
Czechoslovakia is tlie first state
among tlie governments developed
since the war, for which an exhibit
is made. A series of these is
planned, the present one including
maps, books, and pictures of the |
president and the ministers of the
country.
One case is devoted to Clemen
ceau. The fourth illustrates the
activities of the German cruiser
Emden,
