# "Sultan Of Swat" Asks $85,000 Minimum Wage
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. (/!») —Babe
Ruth spent today spending money
instead of trying to get more. The
big Yankee home run hitter, after
leaving his minimum terms of
$85,000 on the desk of the Yankee
Club officials, devoted today to
shopping preparatory to going
South Saturday.
The slugger will go to St. Peters
burg and Miami before starting ac
tive baseball training. His plans,
he said, call for golf and more
golf.
Kutli declared his demand for a
three-year contract at $85,000 an
nually was serious and he expected
to get it. Yankee officers repeated
previous statements that they were
not signing baseball players to
three-year contracts now and of
fered Ruth their limit, $75,000 a
year for two years.
