# FINANCIAL PANIC FACING CHINESE
## Intense Cold Brings Death, Suffering To Coolies 
### 
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 8. (A*)— Poss
ibility of widespread business fail
ures, including banks, importers
and exporters and virtually every
other class of commercial under
takings, was stated today by Chi
nese banking circles to be immi
nent. as the result of the Mexican
silver dollar reaching its lowest
level here of 154.7 cents gold. The
dollar was quoted a year ago at
49 cents.
HANKOW, Jan. 8. (/p)- Freezing
temperatures accompanied by fall
ing snow continued in the Yangtse
l iver valley today resulting in acute
suffering of thousands of the near
destitute. Four thousand ricksha
pullers were most prominent among
the sufferers.
Durinu' tht> -<l
coolies were found on the streets
frozen to death while hundreds of
others were homeless and suffering
from hunger and cold. Many at
tempted to gain the meager shelter
of doorways.
