# Five Thousand U. of W. Students Greet Phelan
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 8. (/p) — Five
thousand University of Washington
students and grid fans were ex
pected to greet James Merwin Plie
lan on iiis arrival in Seattle by
air today to take over the Husky
football coaching position.
Phelan was to fly to Seattle from
Portland accompanied by Earl
Campbell, Washington's graduate
manager, arriving at Sand Point
aviation field about !5 o'clock.
Plans lin,ve been made for a rous
ing welcome at the flying field,
and a student rally at Meany llall
on the university campus. In the
evening a huge banquet will be
held in the coach's honor. Eight
hundred persons w«r« expected to
attend the dinner.
