# Traffic Citation Payments Are Due
## 
### 
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
Traffic citations must be paid by
the end of the quarter in order to
avoid unnecessary inconvenience
during registration, Police Chief
Cordon Davis warned yesterday.
Citations that are not paid are
turned over to the Accounting De
partment, Davis said, and students
wiJi not be allowed to register until
they have paid the fine and an addi
tional penalty for delinquent pay
ment.
Davis said that some tickets re
ceived late in the quarter and not
paid will not become delinquent be
lore the end ol the quarter, but must
also be pa it! before grades will be
Issued.
