# Seniors Will Sponsor Annual Dance in April
## 
### 
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
The senior class will hold its an
nual ferryboat dance April 15.
Tickets for this afTair, which is
open to the entire campus, wi'l be
sold at $5 a couple at the beginning
of next quarter at the ASSU oflicc.
