# Debaters Defend Free Speech Ideal
## 
### 
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
Two members of the Stanford De
bating Socicty last Tuesday night
traveled to Berkeley to meet a team
from the University of California
iri a non - decisional debate. The
topic was "Resolved, that a demo
cratic society should prohibit the
i

propagation of anti-democratic phi
losophies.
Forrest Barr and Merlin Call from
Stanford took the negative. They
argued that a true democracy
thrives under the attacks of anti
democratic philosophies
i
