# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow our cross-country
team goes to San Francisco prepar
atory to the race on Friday. The
five men who will represent us
have won their places by hard and
consistent work. With little over
a month in which to train, and
with much of that time cut into by
rainy days, the showing made at
the try-out last Friday was an ex
ceptional one. The cross-country
run is different from any other
single event, in that it shows the
strength of the University rather
than that of an individual. All
the training has been done without
encouragement, of which there
should be no lack on Washington's
Birthday. A delegation of Stanford
men should be at the race to give
the boys a word of good cheer to
let them feel that their efforts are
appreciated.
