# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
—At the regular meeting of the
Choral .Society Monday afternoon
two choruses from the "Messiah"
were sung. The management prom
ises a surprise to its members at
the next meeting.
