# Encina Hall Dance Is Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
The Enciria lounge will be the
scene for a "Top of the Town" dance
tomorrow night from 9 to 1. Deco
rations for the dressy sport affair
will be patterned after San Fran
cisco's International Settlement.
Tickets are on sale for $1.50 per
couple from Encina wing business
managers. Fifty tickets are also on
sale at the Village.
