# WAR BRIEFS
## 
### United Press 
MOSCOW, Thursday, Nov. 5.—
Russian tanks went into action
against the German spearhead
stalled in the central Caucasus
yesterday and wrecked or crip
pled 40 enemy tanks in fierce
battles which further eased the
threat to the Caucasian oil riches,
the Red Army reported today.
LONDON, Thursday, Nov. 5 —
King George VI said in a mes
sage to Lieut. Gen. B. L. Mont
gomery today that his Eighth
Army in Egypt "magnificently
supported by the RAF and units
of the Royal Navy, has dealt the
Axis a blow the importance of
which cannot he exaggerated."
"I express to you and Air Mar
shal (A. W. Tedder, General
Montgomery, Air Vice - Marshal
(Arthur) Coningham and the
commanders of all three services
my thanks for the far-reaching
success which by your untiring
co-operating you have so deci
sively achieved."
AUKARA. Nov. 4 —Travelers
from Bulgaria said tonight that
2,000 wounded German soldiers
from Egypt have been passing
through that country each day
this week. Bulgarian officials
were said to have arranged to
hospitalize 8,000 of them.
