# Sport Day Planned By Mills-Stanford
## 
### 
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
W.A.A. will sponsor a Mills-Stan
ford sports day on Saturday morn
ing, November 14, according to Joan
Abercrombie Hill, W.A.A. president.
Sis Larkin is in charge of the ar
rangements. The sports will he
hockey, tennis, golf, and others.
