# Deadline Near For Danforth Award
## 
### 
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
Inquiries are invited about the
Danforth Graduale Fellowships,
1o he awarded in March, 1965, ac
cording to Professor H. M. Bacon,
the local campus representative.
The Fellowships, offered by the
Danforth Foundation of St. Louis,
Missouri, are open to men and
women who are seniors or recent
graduates of accredited colleges
in the United States, who have
serious interest in college teach
ing as a career, and who plan to
study for a Ph.D. in a field com
mon to the undergraduate col
lege. Applicants may be .single or
married, must bo less than thirty
years of age at the time of ap
plication. may not have under
taken any graduate or profes
sional study beyond the baccalaur
eate, and should have a serious
interest in religion and ethics.
Those interested are asked to
contact Professor Bacon in Rm.
381Q, Mathematics Building.
