# TRUSTEES DONATE FUND.
## At Last Meeting Board Augments Fund Now Being Raised for Stanford Union by $250. 
### 
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
Business of a routine nature was
transacted by the Hoard of Trustees
The gift of $250 which was given
by F. W. West, of Seattle, for the
fund that was raised several years
ago for the reconstruction of the
Memorial Arch, was disposed of. Ak
this former proposition has been
abandoned, the Trustees have placed
this sum, which was in their charge,
at the disposal of the committee that
is now raising money for the Stan
ford Union.
Mrs. M I?. Towne recently made a do
nation of an extensive collection of
bird skins to the University and the
Trustees adopted their last meeting
as an opportunity to formally accept
this tfit't. This zoological acquisition
includes specimens of various species
of pelts of birds that amount to the
number of 1500.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion was allowed the use of the room
that was occupied by them during the
past year for another year.
Horace Davis, who has served as a
member of the Board of Trustees for
many years and who acted in the
capacity of President of that organi
zation last year, was appointed by
the Board as a representative of the
University to be present at the in
auguration of Dr. A. L. Lowell as
president of Harvard University.
