# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
LONGEVITY
If wo can still play a phono
graph at his age age as well as
Toscanini can conduct an or
chestra, we'll think we're
pretty p.ood.
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
