# FROSH SWIMMING
## 
### 
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
All prospects for the freshman
swimming team will hold tryouts
tomorrow at 5 p.m., Coach Tom
Ilaynie announced yesterday. All
members of the frosh water polo
squad are also requested to at
tend.
