# Second Half.
## 
### 
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
Sparboro kicked off for the Sopho
mores, who kept up their fight of the
first half and held the Seniors to a
single try. Neither side had a marked
advantage until near the close of the
half, when the superior weight of the
Seniors carried the ball to Sopho
more territory. Here Minturn, within
a few yards of the 1912 goal-line,
caught up the ball from the ground
and scored the last try. 1910, 6;
1912, 0.
1910 —Cheda, Fitting, Hine, Min
turn, Pemberton, Thorpe, George, for
wards; McKenzie, wing-forward: Ar
rell, half; Cheda, Stolz, fives; Cook,
center; Reed, Drew, wings; Jordan,
full.
1912 —Crandall, A. Sanborn, Hub
bard, Doron, Salisbury, A. King, Ev
erett, forwards; Macready, wing-for
ward; Obear, half; Whitney, T. San
born, fives; Sparbaro, center; Re
man, Sundell, wings; L. King, full.
