# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
Moving pictures were taken of the
recent Michigan-Pennsylvania game.
