# Quad.
## 
### 
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
I'. H. Soper, '12, returned today
from Venezuela, where he has been
employed as geologist of the Barber
Asphalt Company. Soper was a mem
ber of last year's Varsity baseball
