# DEBATING SOCIETIES ARGUE MOOTED MATTERS.
## Paid Couch and Post Graduate School Win Disapproval of Nestoria and Euphronia. 
### 
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
"Resolved, That the system of paid
| coaching should be abolished at Stan
ford," was the subject of the regular
debate in Nestoria last evening. O. H.
Close, '12, and D. M. Barry, '15, up
holding the affirmative, were victori
ous in the discussion over P. A. Pier,
'14, and S. V. Clagget, '14. The sub
ject was discussed informally from
the floor after the rendering of the
decision.
A preliminary debate upon the time
ly topic, "Resolved that the free Tur
key dinner of the Y. M. C. A. is a mis
take," caused amusement. M. B. Hen
shaf, '12, A. G. Bradford, '13, O. H.
Castle, '14, and P. L. Higgins, '15,
argued this question to no decision.
Stanford would be of the greatest
benefit to the western states if the
University was changed into a post
graduate institution. This was the
contention successfully maintained by
K. E. Leib, '13, and W. F. Kilcline, '15,
last night at the weekly Euphronia
meeting. C. C. Close, '14, and J. P.
Miller, '14, argued against any altera
tion in the present undergraduate
system.
Previous to the debate of the even
ing, .T. E. Shelton, '10, gave a talk
on his European tour taken last sum
mer.
