# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
a $20,000
Jewelry Stock
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiin
A stock equal to that of two
larger stores COMBINED, is now
selling at
20% to 40%
REDUCTION
This damaging price cut is made
necessary by our inability to se
cure display space for new goods
purchased with the expectation
of removing to a new building.
E. A.
Jeweler
122 University Ave.
(
