# PRESIDENT WILBUR IS ON ASILOMAR PROGRAM
## 
### 
President Wilbur will be one of the
speakers at the Y. M. C. A. conference
to be held at Asilomar-by-the-Sea from
Dcember 26 to January 2.
Two men who are crossing the con
tinent to be present for the meetings
are Fletcher Brochman and Davis R.
Porter of New York. Broekman, who
is the general secretary of the Inter
national committee fo the Y. M. C. A.,
will speak on his twenty-five years of
life and service with the students of
the Orient. Porter is a former athlete
and is a graduate of Bowdoin College
and Oxford University. He is national
executive secretary of the Student Y.
M. C. A.
J. Stitt Wilson, lecturer, traveler,
and ex-mayor of Berkeley, will also
speak at the conference. For the last
two years he has been lecturing in
colleges throughout the country on
"Religion and Social Problems."
