# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
The difference between kitchen
matches and the safeties is this: In
the kitchen match the "eye" contains
the phosphorous necessary for igni
tion. In the safety match the phos
phorous is absent; it is in the strip
of sandpaper on the box or paper
book.
