# Want To Be Sponsor? See Group Tuesday
## 
### 
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
Interviews will be held next Tues
day by the Sponsor Choosing Com
mittee of Women's Conference in the
Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m. The
women who are selected will fill
some of the vacancies at Roble,
Branner, and Ventura left by spon
sors whose appointments are up
this term. Upper Division women
with plus standing are eligible.
Those chosen for spring quarter
will get experience and training for
future sponsoring work, although
they will have to apply again au
tumn quarter.
"Sponsors will serve in a com
pletely advisory and counseling ca
pacity next quarter," stressed Lor
raine Streblow, committee member,
since freshmen are. taking ov?r all
the administrative duties of the
dorms."
Anyone interested in sponsoring in
the future may ask the committee
questions at this time.
