# SUNDAY SERMON
## 
### 
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
The Rev. Albert Butzcr, minister
of Westminster Church, Buffalo.
New York, will be the guest preach
er at Stanford Memorial Church
Sunday at 11 a.m. His sermon topic
will be "On Making Your Faith
Firm."
