# Con Home Games Results Due Today
## 
### 
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
First-round results of the tourna
ments for the Con Home Drive are
flue today either at the Rally Com
mittee office or the ASSU office.
A mixed doubles volleyball tour
nament is being planned by tourna
ment directors Eleanor Wood and
Jack Wennberg to supplement the
bridge, ping-pong, horseshoes, and
men's and women's volleyball com
petitions.
