# Ticket Sales to End For 'Moonlight Cruise'
## 
### 
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
Today is the last day to buy
tirkcts for the Senior Class An
nual "Moonlight Cruise" ferry
boat ride. There are still Mime
tickets and they will he sold on
Engineering Corner and at the
ASSU office.
