# FONTAINE WEDS EXECUTIVE
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
HOLLYWOOD, Calif., May 2
(UP). Actress Joan Fontaine and
motion picture executive William
Doziei were married today in Mex
ico City, RKO Studios announced.
The studio said that after two
weeks' honeymoon in Mexico, the
newlrweds would return to RKO
Studios, where Miss Fontaine starts
a new picture this summer and Do
zier is employed as a production
"xeeutive.
