# 1902 NOMINATIONS.
## Senior Class Meets for the First Time and Nominates Officers. 
### 
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
The Seniors held their first class
meeting today, and nominated the
following men for office: Presi
dent, K. E. Wigle; vice-president,
J. Q. Young; secretary, R. V.
Reppy; treasurer, G. W. Dryer;
sergeant-at-arms, N. C. Jones; ex
ecutive committee, Charles A. Whit
more, F. A. Brown; athletic man
ager, E M. Chadbourne; and som
brero committee, E. W. Rice, C. W.
Sell, F. H. Boren, chairman. The
election will be held next Wednes
day at 1:15 p.m. in the chapel.
