# Professor Griggs' Appointment.
## 
### 
Professor Edward H. Griggs of
the Ethics department has been se
lected by President Jordan as the
head of the department of Educa
tion.
Professor Griggs will devote his
attention to the history of educa
tion and civilization, at the same
time carrying on his work in
Ethics. Professor E. P. Cubberly,
who is at present superintendent
of Sau Diego's schools, who was a
pupil of Dr. Jordan's in ihe State
University of Indiana, from which

he graduated in 1888, will he Pro
fessor Griggs' assistant. Professor
Cuhberly is a man of great practi
cal experience in educational lines
and, before assuming the duties of
City Superintendent of San Diego's
schools, tilled a chair in Yincennes
University, Indiana. He will hegin
his new duties the opening of the
University next September.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of
the Ethics department has been se
lected by President Jordan as the
head of the department of Educa
tion.
Professor Griggs will devote his
attention to the history of educa
tion and civilization, at the same
time carrying on his work in
Ethics. Professor E. P. Cubberly,
who is at present superintendent
of Sau Diego's schools, who was a
pupil of Dr. Jordan's in ihe State
University of Indiana, from which

he graduated in 1888, will he Pro
fessor Griggs' assistant. Professor
Cuhberly is a man of great practi
cal experience in educational lines
and, before assuming the duties of
City Superintendent of San Diego's
schools, tilled a chair in Yincennes
University, Indiana. He will hegin
his new duties the opening of the
University next September.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of
the Ethics department has been se
lected by President Jordan as the
head of the department of Educa
tion.
Professor Griggs will devote his
attention to the history of educa
tion and civilization, at the same
time carrying on his work in
Ethics. Professor E. P. Cubberly,
who is at present superintendent
of Sau Diego's schools, who was a
pupil of Dr. Jordan's in ihe State
University of Indiana, from which

he graduated in 1888, will he Pro
fessor Griggs' assistant. Professor
Cuhberly is a man of great practi
cal experience in educational lines
and, before assuming the duties of
City Superintendent of San Diego's
schools, tilled a chair in Yincennes
University, Indiana. He will hegin
his new duties the opening of the
University next September.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of
the Ethics department has been se
lected by President Jordan as the
head of the department of Educa
tion.
Professor Griggs will devote his
attention to the history of educa
tion and civilization, at the same
time carrying on his work in
Ethics. Professor E. P. Cubberly,
who is at present superintendent
of Sau Diego's schools, who was a
pupil of Dr. Jordan's in ihe State
University of Indiana, from which

he graduated in 1888, will he Pro
fessor Griggs' assistant. Professor
Cuhberly is a man of great practi
cal experience in educational lines
and, before assuming the duties of
City Superintendent of San Diego's
schools, tilled a chair in Yincennes
University, Indiana. He will hegin
his new duties the opening of the
University next September.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of
the Ethics department has been se
lected by President Jordan as the
head of the department of Educa
tion.
Professor Griggs will devote his
attention to the history of educa
tion and civilization, at the same
time carrying on his work in
Ethics. Professor E. P. Cubberly,
who is at present superintendent
of Sau Diego's schools, who was a
pupil of Dr. Jordan's in ihe State
University of Indiana, from which

he graduated in 1888, will he Pro
fessor Griggs' assistant. Professor
Cuhberly is a man of great practi
cal experience in educational lines
and, before assuming the duties of
City Superintendent of San Diego's
schools, tilled a chair in Yincennes
University, Indiana. He will hegin
his new duties the opening of the
University next September.
