# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to he hoped that handball
will become an intercollegiate
event before long. Interest in it
has become great at both of Cali
fornia's universities. The recent
tournament of singles held here
brought forth more than two score
of entries, and the final match,
which took place last Saturday,
was attended by many spectators,
more enthusiasm being shown than
at many of the recent baseball
games, although the match was
one-sided. Handball is one of the
best of exercises for developing all
of a person's muscles alike. Any
student can learn to play, and so
no one need be handicapped by
lack of ability. For this reason
handball would soon become as
popular as any athletic sport we
have if it were made an intercol
legiate event.
