# THANKS, UCSB
## 
### 
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
Jubilant Farm rooters returning j
from the USC tussle by the Coast
route were pleasantly surprised to
behold the following sign as they
passed through Santa Barbara:
"Congratulations, Stanford, from
University of California at Santa
1 Barbara."
The Daily says, ''Thanks, Santa j
Barbara, for the good wishes."
