# GLEE CLUB WILL SING BEFORE U.C. STUDENT MEETING
## 
### 
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
Two concerts will be sung by ap- !
proximately 40 members of the I
Stanford Glee Club this week. Pres
ident Sproul, of the University of
California, has invited the group to j
sing in conjunction with the Cali- I
fornia Glee Club at an all-univer- '
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Thurs- j
day morning.
The club and its director, C. Al- j
bert Kulmann, will be the guests
of President Sproul at a luncheon j
afterwards. As one of the Piedmont i
High School concert series, the club j
will sing a formal concert at 8:15 j
o'clock at Piedmont High Friday i
night, with a dance afterward.
A meeting will be held at 6:45 j
o'clock tomorrow night in the worn- i
en's old gym. Those making the j
California trip will meet in front of j
the bookstore at 9:10 Thursday j
morning.
I
