# DELTA GAMMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
Delta Gamma announces the
pledging of Amelia Stubbing, '34.
