# New Blood Added To Daily Columns As 16 Join Staff
## 
### 
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
Selection of sixteen new re
porters last night by the Edi
torial Board climaxed a three
weeks' tryout period working
around the Daily office. The
choice was made on the basis
of points on stories written,
hours spent in the office, and
grade received in a .style exam
ination, plus general ability.
Those to survive the final
cut include Willard Bungay,
Eleanor Carlton, Charles Chap
pell, Silvia Ann Cowell, Marian
Foster, Samuel Freeman, Helen
Hambleton, Cathleen Hayes,
Josephine Hayes, Julius Jacobs,
Harry Kotecki, Fielding Mc-
Dearmon, Marion McElwain,
Beatrice Rogers, Lucile Smith,
and Anne Southard.
