# SET TOMORROW OPERA DEADLINE
## Campus Musicians, Writers Compete For Prize 
### 
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
Tomorrow night has been set as
the deadline for Junior Opera man
uscripts, according to an announce
ment by Jack Redhead, opera com
mittee chairman.
A prize in the form of fifty dol
lars awaits the lucky individual
who submits the best idea, written
up in a more or less finished form.
Anyone with a typewriter and an
original idea may compete, pro
vided their brain child is in the
hands of Redhead by tomorrow
night.
All manuscripts must contain a
return address so that a safe de
livery Sunday after finals may be
assured.
Every sort of material from march
melodies to sketches or specialty
numbers is accepted and considered,
so that the campus musician as well
as the ambitious playwright is given
a chance to express himself. This
contest is held annually under the
auspices of the Junior Class to se
lect the most suitable musical com
edy which is presented as part of
the program for Junior Week. Jun
ior Week is slated to start some
time toward the early or middle
part of the spring quarter. "Prole
tariat Plus" was the prize-winning
manuscript last year, written by
Don Cameron and Paul Lorton,
