# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
The ushers at all Minnesota foot
ball games wear full cadet uniforms.
