# COSMOPOLITAN CLUB TO MEET ON SUNDAY
## 
### 
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
Cosmopolitan Club members will
hold an informal meeting Sunday eve
ning from 5:30 to 7:30' o'clock, when
they plan to meet at the Women's
Clubhouse, take food out to the hills
behind the campus, and there hold a
picnic supper.
It is the first excursion of this kind
which the club has undertaken this
year, and if it is successful the mem
bers plan others of a similar nature.
They invite anyone interested to bring
his own food and join the party.
