# SOPHOMORES, SENIORS MEET IN INTERCLASS NET CONTEST TODAY
## 
### 
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
Final standing in the interclase
tennis series will be determined this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock on the new
courts when the sophomore racketers
face the seniors in what is scheduled
to be an easy 1929 victory. The sopho
mores have overwhelmingly defeated
both freshman and senior teams, while
1927 broke even in two close four-to
three matches.
If the seniors make a good indi
vidual showing today they will prob
ably gain second place, as a triple
tie in matches won is expected, witli
points in the individual contests tc
determine the standing. The 1927 mer
have at present a slight edge on
