# WOMEN TO CONFER ON ATHLETIC RELATIONS
## 
### 
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
Representatives from Mills College,
Stanford, and California will 'meet in
Oakland this week-end to discuss the
athletic relations between the women of
the three institutions. The dates for the
basketball matches will be dccidcd upon
at this meeting.
A series of interclass basketball games
are now in progress to determine which
class shall represent Stanford in the
coming games.
