# Adv. 14 Page 6
## 
### 
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL
University of Arizona
offers more than 40
courses: anthropol
ogy, art, bilingual edu
cation, folk music and
folk dance, history,
phonetics, political sci
ence, Spanish langu
age and literature and
intensive Spanish. Six
week session. July 4-
August 12,1988. Fully
accredited program.
Tuition $510. Room
and board in Mexican
home $540.
EEO/AA
Write
Guadalajara
Summer School
Education Bldg., Room 225
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721
(602) 621-4729 or
621 4720
