# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



"York Peppermint
Patties."
Lawrence Gilliam
Junior, Industrial
engineering

"Nitrous."
Joe Matal
Sophomore, public policy

"Hour-long bubble
baths."
John Overdeck
Graduate student,
statistics; COP-elect

"There is something,
but it might be a vio
lation of University
policy."
Stuart Reges
Former computer science
lecturer



