# '96 Annual.
## 
### 
The sophomores hold a meeting this
afternoon in the chemical lecture room
to elect tlie officers on "The Stanford
Quad" ol '96. A large and enthusiastic
crowd of second year students was
present The main business was the
election of an editor-in-chief and busi
ness manager. In addition to those
already nominated by the committee,
Anfenger presented the name of Mc
(iuire for business manager Hledsoe
withdrew the name of Neidig for editor
in-chief. The first ballot resulted as
follows: For editor in-chief, ]}ri<rgs 80;
.J. Reynolds, 31. Uriggs was declared
elected. For business manager Fife
received 12 votes, Spalding 22, Whitc
nouÂ«e 10, McGuire 17. Two more bal
lots were taken hut no one receiving a
majority, the meeting adjourned tor
want of a quo r un. Another meeting
will be held sometime next week to
elect the business mauager and the
hoard of editors.
