# Music Club to Present Concert in Sequoia Hall
## 
### 
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
Music lovers o»\ tn? campus and In
Palo Alto are cordially invited to at
tend ;i musicale in the lobby of Se
quoia liiill at G:3O Sunday evening.!
The program has been arranged by
Ehvyn Bugge, president of the Music
Cluh. Only members of the club will
perform. The program will last about
an hour and there will be no admis
sion charge.
