# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Fresh start
Water polo's Layne Beaubien re
turns from a one-year hiatus.
Sports, page 7

Proper primping
Kelly Young finds a bronzed
beach chic in Russia.
Opinions, page 5


Fresh start
Water polo's Layne Beaubien re
turns from a one-year hiatus.
Sports, page 7

Proper primping
Kelly Young finds a bronzed
beach chic in Russia.
Opinions, page 5


Fresh start
Water polo's Layne Beaubien re
turns from a one-year hiatus.
Sports, page 7

Proper primping
Kelly Young finds a bronzed
beach chic in Russia.
Opinions, page 5


Fresh start
Water polo's Layne Beaubien re
turns from a one-year hiatus.
Sports, page 7

Proper primping
Kelly Young finds a bronzed
beach chic in Russia.
Opinions, page 5


Fresh start
Water polo's Layne Beaubien re
turns from a one-year hiatus.
Sports, page 7

Proper primping
Kelly Young finds a bronzed
beach chic in Russia.
Opinions, page 5


Fresh start
Water polo's Layne Beaubien re
turns from a one-year hiatus.
Sports, page 7

Proper primping
Kelly Young finds a bronzed
beach chic in Russia.
Opinions, page 5


