# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nonfat
Was it diet that led women's
tennis to two titles at the
Pac-10 indoors?
Sports, page 9

Lowfat
More than 2 percent of the
population experiences the
strobe effect, says the Bug.
Science, page 7

Whole
Michael Green
has a whole lot of
fun in his bed.
Opinions, page 5

Nonfat
Was it diet that led women's
tennis to two titles at the
Pac-10 indoors?
Sports, page 9

Lowfat
More than 2 percent of the
population experiences the
strobe effect, says the Bug.
Science, page 7

Whole
Michael Green
has a whole lot of
fun in his bed.
Opinions, page 5

Nonfat
Was it diet that led women's
tennis to two titles at the
Pac-10 indoors?
Sports, page 9

Lowfat
More than 2 percent of the
population experiences the
strobe effect, says the Bug.
Science, page 7

Whole
Michael Green
has a whole lot of
fun in his bed.
Opinions, page 5

Nonfat
Was it diet that led women's
tennis to two titles at the
Pac-10 indoors?
Sports, page 9

Lowfat
More than 2 percent of the
population experiences the
strobe effect, says the Bug.
Science, page 7

Whole
Michael Green
has a whole lot of
fun in his bed.
Opinions, page 5

Nonfat
Was it diet that led women's
tennis to two titles at the
Pac-10 indoors?
Sports, page 9

Lowfat
More than 2 percent of the
population experiences the
strobe effect, says the Bug.
Science, page 7

Whole
Michael Green
has a whole lot of
fun in his bed.
Opinions, page 5

Nonfat
Was it diet that led women's
tennis to two titles at the
Pac-10 indoors?
Sports, page 9

Lowfat
More than 2 percent of the
population experiences the
strobe effect, says the Bug.
Science, page 7

Whole
Michael Green
has a whole lot of
fun in his bed.
Opinions, page 5

