# DUFFUS TO TEACH EDITORIAL WRITING
## 
### 
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
Robert L. Duffus .chief editorial
writer of the San Francisco Bulletin,
has been appointed lecturer in jour
nalism for the winter quarter to con
duct the course in editorial writing
to be known as English 40. Mr. Duf
fus is a Stanford may, A. B. 1910, and
A. M. 1911. His editorials have been
widely praised, and Dr. Carruth, head
of the English department, believes
this will be a special opportunity for
students to work under this active and
successful writer.
The course will include analysis of
current editorials in the press of the
English-speaking world with practice
In digesting the news of the day and
writing editorials thereon. The course
is offered primarily for journalism stu
dents of advanced standing, but a few
advanced majors of the History, Eco
nomies and English departments who
are not taking journalism work will
lie admitted.
