# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
Miss Elizabeth Ilogue, '01, is chief
nurse of Base Hospital No. 2. She
left for Philadelphia December 14.
