# BARCLAY TO ATTEND EASTERN MEETING OF POLITICAL SCIENTISTS
## 
### 
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay, of the
Department of Political Science, plans
to leave Stanford December 16 for the
East, where he will attend the twenty
fifth annual meeting of the American
Political Science Association, to be
held in New Orleans December 27-30.
In addition, he intends to spend a
week in St. Louis working in the
archives of the Missouri Historical
Society.
Professor Barclay is to present a
paper at New Orleans on"The Split
Session of the California Legislature,
1913-1929. Professor Barclay expects
to return to the campus January 3.
