# Ambassador Prepares For London Naval Conference
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. (>P) —Ambas-
sador Dwight W. Morrow came home
from Mexico City today preparatory
to his departure for London next
month as American delegate to the
naval conferences. In the meanwhile
his time will be occupied with con
ferences at Washington with Presi
dent Hoover.
