# BEST GUARD IN AMERICA?
## 
### 

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.

Jack Cannon of Notre Dame, who has been placed on many Ail-American
teams and who is hailed by Coaches Jones, Warner, Rockne, and Alexander,
official judges of football, as the most outstanding guard in the country.
