# REPORTERS STRIKE AS FINALS ARRIVE; NEXT ISSUE JAN. 2
## 
### 
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
When this morning's issue of the
Stanford Daily was locked in the
forms last night, campus journalists,
amid sighs of relief, put the covers
on their typewriters for the last
time in 1929. For the flight of time,
bearing finals on its rushing wings,
yesterday overtook the lowly re
porter and bore him away to the
library and other places conducive to
study.
Ilis writing days are over, his
head-writing nights are passed—
until the evening of January 1, 1930,
when once again he will ponder over
the lettered keys, thinking up subtle
phrases for edition one of the new
year.
