# MARRIES FOURTH TIME
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9. (yP) —A
youthful army aviator, Lieut. Roger
Alan Gardner, has succeeded Prince
Suad Chakir of Turkey as the hus
band of Sidi Wirt Spreckels, of San
Francisco, whose career has thus
been extended to four matrimonial
ventures.
