# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9. (AP) —Teddy
Tetzlaff, former world's champion
automobile racing driver, died yester
day.
