# New Navy Coach
## 
### 

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.

Edgar E. "Rip" Miller, navy line
coach (or the last five years, suc
ceeds "Navy Bill" Ingram as head
football coach at the naval acad
emy.
