# ROMANIC LANGUAGE SCHOLARS WILL BE FETED AT Y.W. TEA
## 
### 
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
Members of the Romanic language
department will be guests at a tea
being given in their honor by the
Y.W.C.A. next Friday from 4 to 6
o'clock in the "Y" rooms on the
third flood of the Women's Club
house.
All students, both men and wom
en, wishing to meet professors, cor
rectors or graduate students work
ing for their master's and doctor's
degrees in the department, or in
terested in any of the Romanic lan
guages are invited to come. Wives
of the professors have also been es
pecially invited.
This is the fifth in a series of de
partmental teas being sponsored by
the Y.W.C.A. to promote better in
terest and fellowship among profes
sors and students.
Girls working in shoe factories in
Lynn, Mass., are wearing gay beach
pajamas.
