# Diplomat Attacked
## 
### 

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.

Dr. Don Carlos Leiva, charge
d'affaires of the Salvadorean lega
tion in Washington, was attacked
by a group of marauders who at
tempted to steal embassy liquor.
