# ARMY PLANES RALLY FOR MANEUVERS
## 
### 
The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

The army's flying forces will take oIT today in answer to a theoretical enemy advancing l>y sea upon
America's northeastern coast. More than <>70 fighting planes, (he greatest peace time gathering in the
nation's history, came from all points to participate in the maneuvers. Above is a bombardment squadron
from San Diego and below an Eastern unit of observation planes.

