# Oratorical Contest in Theatre Tonight
## 
### 
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
Six orations, all dealing with some
phase of the liquor problem, will be
delivered in the Little Theater to
night at 7:30. The contest, given
under the auspices of the National
intercollegiate Prohibition Associa
tion, will be featured by the awarding
of one hundred dollars in cash prizes,
fifty dollars going to the winner of
first place, with sums of thirty and
twenty dollars for second and third
prizes.
The victorious orators, besides win
ning the cash prizes, will also have
the opportunity of competing in the
state oratorical contest, to be held at
San Anselmo on March 31, with the
opportunity of later entering the in
terstate and national competitions.
Those who have been selected to
compete tonight, because of the ex
cellence of their essays, are R. C.
Binkley, '20, W. E. Breneman, '20, J.
R. Brokenshire, '19, C. J. Crobaugh,
'19, M. Crobaugh, '18, and J. C. Col
land, '17.
Associate Professor L. E. Bassett,
Associate Professor M. R. Kirkwood
and Assistant Professor E. E. Robin
son will judge the contest.
