# Military Inspection Held Yesterday
## 
### 
Inspection of the battalion was held
for the first time last night in the
Stanford unit Reserve Officers' Train
ing Corps. Major Jens Bugge, and
Student Major R. A. Griffin, *17, to
gether with the captains of the vari
ous companies, acted as the board of
inspection.
Unshined belt buckles, dirty shoes,
guns which were not in good condi
tion, unbuttoned coats, dirty uniforms,
were all given demerits. Twenty-five
i)i these means the loss of credit in
the Military course. Evidently the
future officers were not in good con
dition, for criticisms and demerits
were handed out to over half the men.
Major Bugge has announced the
movements on which the monthly test
of the different companies will be de
cided, this month. It is planned at
present to have an army officer from
one of the forts in San I' rancisco to
act as judge for the competition. The
company maintaining the highest av
erage throughout will have the honor
of escorting the colors through the
next month. Company B has been
the lucky company this month, and i
will make a strong bid for the topj
place. All the other companies have |
new ollicers, however, and will give (
the crack company a hard battle.
Company, platoon, picked squad,
and ordinary squad movements will
be given in the competition. Both
close and extended order witli a new
"silent" drill, will feature. For the
special squad movement the sixteen
best men in each company will be
picked to drill.
