# Soccer Team's Saratoga Trip Postponed One Week
## 
### 
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
Stanford soccer team will not go to
Saratoga, this Saturday, as planned.
The Blossom Festival has been post
poned a week, and the team will not
go until a week from Saturday. They
will play an exhibition game with a
team representing the California Foot
ball Association.
