# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
Three residents of Encina Hall have
been placed upon probation by the
Encina House Committee for unneces
cary disturbances during late hours.
