# Miss Rible Badly Hurt.
## 
### 
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Miss R
Rible, '12, of Sacramento, was badly
injured by getting a harmful acid all
over her face, while working in the
Chemistry Building.
