# Villard to Speak Before Radio Club
## 
### 
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
Professor Oswald G. Villard, Jr.,
of the Electrical Engineering De
partment, will be guest speaker at
the Stanford Radio Club tonight at
their meeting scheduled for 7:30 in
room 283.
Professor Villard will describe the j
research he is doing on a new tech- j
nique of radio broadcast transmis- I
sions. His subject will be "Over- i
modulation Without Splatter."
