# New York Scholars Fail.
## 
### 
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
President Schurman of Cornell
University has been notified that
none of the candidates taking the
qualifying examinations for the
1905 Rhodes scholarships from New
York State succeeded in passing.
The scholars for New York State
will have to be chosen from the men
who passed the qualifying exami
nation last year.
