# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
Miss Harriet Bradford will speak
tomorrow at the regular 4:15 meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. at the Club
House, on "The One Thing Needful."
Miss Alice Moore, '17, will lead, and
•Miss Helen Kegley, 'IS, is to sing.

Freshmen soccerites met for tlie
first time today to be whipped into
shape for the freshmen contest with
the University of California. A num
ber of men have signed up with H. W.
Maloney and a good combination
against the blue and gold babes is
expected.
