# APPEAL IS MADE FOR CHINESE AID
## 
### 
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
"A man who volunteers tor work
in China must take with him the
spirit of a solidier volunteering for
his country, and be willing to face
hardship, pain and danger," said W.
R. Wheeler, Yale Ml, in his appeal
last night for Stanford volunteers to
aid in the great educational and re
ligious work in China. In his speech,
which was given at Encina Hall, un
der the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
Wheeler drew a graphic picture of
the actual conditions in China at the
present time.
"The needs in.a field are a chal
lenge to service." he said, and then
unfolded the three great needs of the
Chinese, which are economic, educa
tional, and religious. "In the first
there is a great opportunity for busi
ness men and engineers of develop
ment work, in the second, there is a
pressing demand for teachers, as the
entire educational system of China is
being changed and modernized, and is
the last and greatest of all, the re
ligious field, there is a chance for a
man to give all that he has in him."
