# MISSING!
## 
### 

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.

Dorothy Druschell (top) and Alice
Ingalls, two of the missing Oregon
State debaters scheduled to make
campus appearances tomororw.
Nothing has been heard of them
since February 16, when they tele
graphed College of the Pacific offi
cials that they would be unable to
debate there that night.
