# Two SU Professors To Lecture in P.A.
## 
### 
Two Stanford faculty members
will take part in a lecture series
on "Contemporary Man and His
Values" being presented in Palo
Alto by Ihe University of Cali
fornia Extension.
Professor Frederic Rpiegelberg,
professor of Indian civilization,
will discuss "Philosophical Foun
dations of Eastern Man" tonight.
Professor Moffat t Hancock, pro
fessor of law. will speak on "Our
Legal System: A Mirror of Con
temporary Values" at the Decem
ber 8 meeting.
The lectures are presented on
Thursday evenings at 7:30, in the
Little Theater of Palo Alto High
School, 50 Embarcadero Road. In
dividual admission is 60 cents for
students and $1.50 for the general
public; series subscriptions are $5
and $13 respectively.
