# Washington Expert Will Come to Farm
## Dr. George Gamow Will Teach Theory of Nuclear Structure Here during Summer Quarter 
### 
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
Described by Professor D. L.
Webster, executive head of the phys
ics department, as "the leading au
thority on the theory of structures
of atomic nuclei," Dr. George Ga
mow, jf George Washington Univer
sity, will offer a course in the "The
ory of Nuclear Structure" here dur
ing the summer quai*ter.
Dr. Gamow, who gave the first
explanation of the disintegration of
radioactive elements, has the Ph.D.
degree from the University of Len
ingrad. He has studied in the
Universities of Gottingen, Copen
hagen, and Cambridge, and was a
special lecturer at the Universities
of Paris, London, and Michigan.
Professor P. A. Ross will offer two
courses in X-rays and a course in
astrophysics, using in the latter
course a 12-inch telescope of ex
traordinarily high quality which he
has recently constructed.
Professor Felix Bloch will teach
"Modern Physics" and direct re
search and reading in physics. The
summer quarter courses are de
signed primarily to enable students
and teachers to keep in touch with
modern developments in the science.
