# L.A. Alumni Hear Eleven Professors
## 
### 
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
Nearly t»5O members of the Stan
ford Alumni Association attended
the fourth alumni convention, held
last Saturday and Sunday at the
University Club in Los Angeles.
The convention consisted of talks
and discussion groups lead by 11
Stanford professors. The subjects
which gained most attention were
those concerning present political
or economic questions.
Among these were a talk on infla
tion by Professor George W. Dowrie,
a discussion of the European situa
tion and American neutrality by
Professor Buck, a discussion of the
situation in Japan by Professor
Treat, and a talk by Professor Rob
inson on the situation in the United
States.

Cabinets that contain public tele
phones and sell stamps mechani
cally have been installed along the
.'♦reets of several English cities.
