# Power Strike Center
## 
### 

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)

EL PASO and several other communities were plunged into dark
ness when workmen at this plant of the El Paso Electric Company
went on strike. Guards are shown on duty at the entrance road.
(A.P. Photo)
