# Former Professor Dies in New York
## 
### 
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
Kenneth Livermore Curtis, con
sulting engineer who was assistant
professor in electiical engineering
at Stanford from 1903 to 1007, died
of pneumonia in New York City
Sunday.
He was a graduate of the Univer
sity of Colorado with the Class of
1001, later receiving his electrical
engineering degree at Stanford in
10(H). iiml was inventor of a stock
ticker and refrigeration devices.
