# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
9
A Complete jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONC
PERFUMES
•
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
•
). JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
