# Cal, Stanford Plan Joint Charier Day
## 
### 
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
An event unprecedented in the
history of the two schools will
take place when Stanford and the
University of California join to
commemorate their respective
Charter Days. Dr. Ray Lyman
Wilbur will speak in honor of
Stanford's 50th anniversary and
California's 73rd.
Dr. Wilbur. President Sproul of
California, and Governor Culbert
Olson will be the speakers at the
annual Charter Banquet which
will take place at the Palace
Hotel on March 27 at 7 o'clock
Graduates and former students of
both universities will be invited
to attend.
