# May Rule Spain
## 
### 

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.

DON JUAN, 27-year-old Prince of
Anurias, in whose favor former
Kinjf Alfonso renounced claims to
the Spanish throne in a proclama
tion from Rome, where the ex
monarch is gravely ill.
