# The "Chaparral" Again.
## 
### 
What may be called the "freak
edition" of the Chaparral appeared
today. For excellencies and ab
surdities side by side, this issue
should bear the palm. The edito
rials show the bad effect of "bogey -
osis," varying from blue to yellow
in turn. The one of most interest
generally is perhaps that on the
comparative merits of college peri
odicals, here and across the bay.
The best article is "The Cardinal
Story," a poem with a true ring in
it. There are two good drawings, a
full-page contribution by Culver,
and "Not Long from Home," by
Miss Wellman. Aside from these,
the most noticeable thing is the
proof reading. There were, as we
remember, no typographical errors
in the lloqie.
