# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
For the first lime in its history,
Stanford meets the University of
Washington at debate tomorrow
night. The reputation of the visit
ing team precedes it; the members
have had extensive experience, and
have distinguished themselves for
ability shown in other contests.
The Stanford debaters made iheir
positions after a series of closely
fought try-outs, and they likewise

have had more or less experience
on the platform. That the debate
will be a remark ably[good one, con
tented with great skill and spirit on
each side, is certain. The Wash
ington men will have few adherents
in the audience, and should be
greeted with their slogan by the lo
cal rooters. They are leaders in
student activities at home and have
come to us on what we hope is an
errand opening the way for perma
nent intercollegiate relations be
tween the two universities.
