# LAKE SPITES WEATHER
## 
### 
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
GENEVA, N.Y. (UP).—Despite the
freezing weather, "Old Seneca," a
large body of water, 35 miles long
and four miles wide, just wouldn't
freeze. Instead, huge clouds of steam
rising from the lake attracted many
sightseers.
