# RICHTMYER SPEECH
## 
### 
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
Dr. I?. D. Richtmycr, instructor in
physics, spoke yesterday afternoon
at the meeting of the Physics De
partment Journal Club. His subject
was "An Absolute Electrostatic
Voltmeter."
