# Coal Miner Shot In Labor Fracas
## 
### 
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
COSHOCTON, 0., April 27 (UP).
—One coal miner was shot to death
and another wounded seriously to
day in a clash between union and
nonunion miners at Otsego, Mus
kipum County, 20 miles southeast
of here.
John Abram, 24, was the miner
slain.
