# GAMMA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Joan Kestcr, '42, to
Gamma Phi Beta.
