# Professors to Speak At Research Club Meet
## 
### 
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, De
partment of Sociology and Anthro
pology, and Professor Ray K. Lins
ley, Department of Civil Engineer
ing, will speak to the Stanford Re
search Club next Wednesday in the
Men's Faculty Clubhouse at 8 p.m.
Professor Keesing will talk about
the work program of the South Pa
cific Commission, and Professor
Linsley will discuss natural and ar
tificial rainmaking.
