# Warren G. Back Again
## 
### 
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
Wonka's back.
After a long convalescence fol
lowing last quarter's auto crash in
Oregon, Watsonville's favorite son
felt the urge to go to the movies.
And yesterday, Hal Honore, man
ager of the Park theater, received
a $96 mail order for 40 loge tickets
to "Tales Of Hoffmann" — from
Warren G. Wonka.
Enclosing a check drawn on the
Anglo California Rank (which
dutifully reported to Honore that
no Wonka was on their accounts),
Warren G. directed that the tick
ets should be sent to "General De
livery, Stanford."
Honore almost filled what would
have been the largest order for
tickets yet received, but the name
of Wonka—his fame now far and
wide—struck a suspicious note.
After checking, he held the order.
