# Untitled Article
## 
### 


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.


CAL GAME FLASHBACK—Here are two action shots from the
Cnl-Stanford basketball game last year, which the Indians won.
Left, guard Jim Walsh meshes a free shot while Stanford players
Gary Andrews (left) and Jim Ramstead and Eddie Tucker (right)

get ready for a follow-up. In the right panel, Ramstead makes a
rebound with help from Walsh (4). Guard Bruce Iversen (6) and
last year's captain Jack O'Sullivan (23) look on. The Indians
meet the Bears in a pair of games this weekend.
