# Air ROTC to Get New Blue Uniform
## 
### 
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
Uniforms for the Stanford Air
Force ROTC unit arc in the process
of being distributed to sophomore,
junior, and senior members. Out
fitting of the 281 freshman cadets
will probably be started next week.
The new uniforms arc blue, and
resemble those worn by regular Ait-
Force officers. They will be worn
by all Air Force ROTC members
during weekly drill periods.
