# To Elect Track Captain Tomorrow.
## 
### 
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
All the track men who competed
against the University of California
last Saturday will meet at Franklin's
Studio tomorrow afternoon at i. Af
ter the track picture the squad will
elect the track captain who will lead
the 190S team.
