# William Clark Appointed Assistant Quad Manager
## 
### 
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
William Clark, '25, has been ap
pointed assistant manager of the 1925
Quad. The appointment was made by
John Irwin, '25, manager. Clark tried
out for the job during his sophomore
year.
