# CORNELL CROSS COUNTRY RUNNERS BEGIN MARATHON
## 
### 
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
ITHACA, New York —Crosß country
practice has started at Cornell with
very few experienced runners report
ing. Coach Moakley' hopes to make a
strong bid for barrier honors, how
ever, on the record of previous
achievements and a lot of practice.
Since 1899 Red and White teams have
taken seventeen intercollegiate cross
country championships.
