# THREE ONE-ACT PLAYS TO COMPOSE TUESDAY EVENING READINGS
## 
### 
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
Three one-act plays will be given by
Mrs. Katherine Wisner McCluskey, dra
matic reader, in the Little Theater to
morrow evening at 7 :30.
"The Slave with Two Faces," by Mary
Carolyn Davies, was presented by the
theater workshop class last year. Miss
Davies, the author, is one of the younger
poets. She attended the University of
California for a short time. Besides
several books of poems, Miss Davies has
written a number of one-act plays. "The
Slave with Two Faces" has been highly
praised by critics.
"Trifles," by Susan Glaspell, is of a
serious nature, offering a large scope for
dramatic talent.
"The Philosophy of Butterbiggens," by
Harold Chapin, is a lighter offering.
Mrs. McCluskey, who is director of the
expression department of the School of
Allied Arts, Phoenix, Arizona, is jnaking
a short tour of California, giving pub
lic and parlor readings at Santa Bar
bara, San Jose, and in the northern sec
tion of the state.
