# HITLER MAKES FINAL DEMANDS
## 
### 

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)

ALL TIIE WORLD, its attention fixed on the tense situation in Central
Europe, was listening when this picture was taken of Rcichsfuehrcr
Adolpli Hitler, speaking before 15.000 Germans in Sportspalast, Ber
lin. The German dictator made an uncompromising demand for evac
uation of Sudeten German areas, illtlcr is speaking, Joseph Gocbhcls
listening, chin in hand, and Hermann Goering is at right. (Acme
Tclephoto)
