# NOTICE
## 
### 
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
All Stanford students who desire to
sell programs at Stanford-Notre Dame
Game at Pasadena on New Year's
Day, see Orville TucJker at 319 En
cina. Phone 1442-J.
?
The University of Washington has a
rule, passed by the faculty, that all
members of the faculty shall leave the
classrooms during examinations, in
order to facilitate the honor system.
Recently two violators of the rule
were reported by the student council
to the faculty.
