# Professor Hyde to Speak At Sunday Vesper Service
## 
### 
The first of a series of vesper ser
vices for students and faculty women
will be held in one of the Roble recep
tion rooms at 4:15 Sunday afternoon.
it is planned that the women shall
meet informally on Sunday afternoons
for talks on programs of music ar
ranged to continue throughout the
vespers. Next Sunday Professor James
Hyde will take as his subject, "Hopes,
Ambitions, and Dreams." Malcolm Da
vison will play the 'cello and Maria
Anderson will give some piano num
bers.
The committee in charge of the ves
pers is as follows: Esther Greenacre,
chairman, Evelyn Brownell, Norma
Wright, Maria Anderson.
Athletics are attacked by Professor
R. K. Root of Princeton in his article
"Sports versus Athletics," printed in
the November issue of the Harvard
Forum. He charges college sports with
professionalism.
