# "MYSTERY" WILL BE JORDAN'S SUBJECT
## 
### 
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
"Mystery" is the subject Dr. Jordan
has chosen for his lecture at 7:30 to
night in his home.
"I will talk about the different kinds
of unknown things to be solved by
science and the unknown things that
used to bo solved by the "Mystics" or
great priests of ancient times," said
Dr. Jordan.
