# F. A. Colder Does Research Work in Eastern Libraries
## 
### 
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
Professor F. A. Golder of the His
tory department, at present in Wash
ington, D. C., has spent the autumn
quarter in the East doing some re
search work in eastern libraries and
getting material for the Hoover War
Library. Professor Golder will also
attend the meeting of the American
Historical Association and plans to
return to Stanford early in January.
