# On 'n Off Campus
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Norris W. Rakestraw
are expected home the last of Decem
ber after a year and a half spent in
England, France, and Scandinavian
countries. Mr. Rakestraw will resume
his work in the chemistry department
in January.
Professor and Mrs. Edgar E. Robin
son were hosts at dinner Wednesday
evening. The guests present were:
Messrs. and Mesdames W. H. Cook,
Roland M. Miller, Franklin Fearing,
Henry S. Anderson, Oswald W. Wedal,
Miss Lisette Fast, and Luther H.
Evans.
Margaret Church, ex-'2G, was mar
ried to Mr. Homer Wessendorf in
Burbank Saturday evening. In the
bridal party were Marjorie Anderson,
Beatrice Hill, Phillip Hooker, and
Howard Wittenburg, all of Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wessendorf are spend
ing their honeymoon in Seattle, and
on their return will make their home
in Burbank with the bride's parents.
Wessendorf has a position with the
Standard Oil Company.
