# FINAL CANVASS FOR SENIOR ENDOWMENT TO BE MADE TODAY
## 
### 
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
Final efforts to reach all sen
iors who have not yet pledged
to the Class of 1928 Endowment
Fund will be made today, Harry
Call, chairman of the drive,
made known. Only a few seniors
who have not signed or returned
pledge cards remain to be
reached. The amount pledged to
date gives promise of exceeding
the sum of $800 which was
pledged by the Class of 1927,
originators of the class endow
ment fund.
There is no limit to the amount
of pledges received and they are
payable annually on receipt of
a notice from the University.
They are only morally binding
and payment may be deferred if
an explanation of the case is
sent to the University, Call ex
plained.
