# TODAY'S SALE STARTS OLD BOY'S CAMPAIGN AGAINST RACE SUICIDE
## 
### 
Feeling that all comic magazines
should have a serious purpose behind
their clowning, the Old Boy is insti
tuting a campaign against race sui
cide in the issue of Chaparral which
appears for sale this morning on the
Quad. "Race suicide has gone far
enough," he says. He would divulge
nothing further but hinted that
readers "would understand at a
glance."
An attractive cover design has been
drawn by Ted Krough and employs a
yellow background for the first time
this season. The issue is said to be
filled with valuable features.
A poem, "To a Burmese Albino," is
released by Helen Stanford. It was
inspired, she says, by an exotic Men
delowitz work of art. Burnell Gould
concentrates considerable insanity
into a feature under the title of "A
Country-Bred Intellect Writes Home
on the Underwood." Fables of the
Farm appears again with its usual
discussions.
