# ASSESS FINES OF $9 AT COUNCIL MEETING
## 
### 
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
Indicative of a decrease in traffic
violations, fines amounting to only
$9 were assessed by the Men's Coun
cil at the regular meeting yesterday
afternoon. One dollar each was
charged to two students driving with
open mufflers, $1 for parking, and
$6 for exceeding the speed limit.
Two freshmen were assigned twen
ty hours' work at the Convalescent
Home for violation of the Honor Sys
tem.
