# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
SEA OF RECORDS •
VI
m
Our stock includes a >
larger selection than q
ever before of the fol
lowing label*: ' yo
m
n
Angel O
Decca g
Urania
H.M.V. •
London
Westminster m
Vox
Capitol 5
Telefunken
m
London q
International g
L'Oiscau-Lyre 1/1
Mercury **
RCA-Victor
Epic „
m
>
SPECIAL: 3
Westminster »
12-inch g
$2.98 -
%/%
SEA of •
RECORDS s
o
1812 EL CAMINO REAL -n
REDWOOD CITY
79
116 Ninth Street JZj
San Francisco Q
7>
Open Sunday *
