# Quad
## 
### 
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
Photographers for the Stanford
Quad, the campus yearbook, are
needed, and no experience is neces
sary.
All those interested should see
Dick Gilberg or Tom Dant at the
Quad office, opposite Geology Cor
ner.
