# Toyon Spring Informal Introduces Novel Dance
## 
### 
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
A novel balloon prize dance will be
introduced on the campus at the Toyon
spring carnival informal which is to
be given tomorrow night in the Toyon
ballroom. A few tickets for the dance
may be obtained in Room 216, Toyon
hall, tonight.
