# NOTICE
## 
### 
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Men now living in Sequoia hall and
upperelassmen living on the fourth or
fifth floors of Encina ■who wish to re
serve their rooms for the Fall quarter
should call at the Dean of Men's office
Monday or Tuesday, May 25 and 26:

"Clinging vines" arc fast becoming
extinct and the chaperone has degener
ated into a wallflower in the opinion of
Gilbert H. Barnes, professor of econo
mics at Ohio Wesleyan University.
