# Dr. Jordan Will Postpone Lecture Because of Trip
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
Dr. Jordan will not give his weekly
talk this evening because of his ab
sence in Yosemite. He expects to be
back in time for his talk next week.
