# U.C.'S ENROLLMENT LARGEST
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. (ff)—With
a total enrollment of 64,000 students
the University of California is be
lieved to be one of the largest, if
not the largest, university in the
world in point of number of persons
actually receiving instruction. The
number of students enrolled was an
nounced in the biennial message of
Governor C. C. Young of the 1929
legislature which convened yester
day.
