# Author C.W. Mills To Speak Friday In Memorial Aud
## 
### 
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
C. Wright. Mills, author of "The
Power Elite," will make his only
Bay Area lecture appearance at
7:30 p.m. tomorrow in Memorial
Hall to discuss "The Decline of
the Left."
Dr. Mills, professor of sociology
at Columbia University, is also
the author of "White Collar," a
study of the American middle
class, and his most recent work
is "The Causes of World War
Three."
He has been both a Guggen
heim and Fulbright scholar, and
served during the latter days of
World War II as special consult
ant to the WPB's Smaller War
Plants Division.
Tickets are on sale at the au
ditorium box office at $1 general
admission and 75 cents for stu
dents.
