# Scratch Sheet Needs Editor, Organization
## 
### 
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
No new editor to take the reins
of Iho Scratch Sheet has as yet
been found, The Daily was told
yesterday. Jim Stewart, editor of
the most recent edition of the on
again, off-again publication, said
he does not plan to continue as
editor, but that he has been un
able to locate a successor.
Stewart said Breakers eating
club, whose members were pri
marily responsible for the Scratch
Sheet's publication last quarter,
would probably (loci fie in about
two weeks whether it wanted to
continue as the principal organiz
ing body.
Staff Problems
The thing needed most by the
Scratch Sheet, said Stewart, is
some degree of organization and
permanence. "Now," he said, "it's
pretty much of a fly-by-night
proposition."
Permanent, offices, a budget in
cluding salary for the editor, and
a larger staff were Scratch Sheet
needs listed by Stewart. With
greater permanence, the problem
of recruiting a staff would prob
ably take care of itself for the
most part.
Probably the most obvious way
to achieve this permanence would
be for ASSU to take over adminis
tration of the Scratch Sheet.
Stewart cautioned that if ASSU
did take over, the Scratch Sheet
should be administered through
Publications Board in the same
manner as other campus publica
tions.
ASSU Incorporation
Though nothing is as yet defi
nite, it seems probable that Leg
islature will soon consider the
possibilities of incorporating the
Scratch Sheet into the ASSU.
Stewart said that if a Scratch
Sheet is to be published in time
for the next prc-registration pe
riod, il would be necessary to
have its organization established
by about April 25. if indecision
lasted much beyond this time, it
would no! be possible to compile
information in time for publica
tion.
