# Seniors May Sign Class Scroll in Nitery
## 
### 
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
Members of the Senior Class arc
asked to stop at the Nitery next
week to sign the Class Scroll and
to submit personal information for
the permanent records of the Class
of l!)4:t.
Seniors whose last names begin
with the letters between A and L
are asked to sign the scroll Mon
day or Tuesday; all others are
asked to report Wednesday or
Thursday.
