# DRIVE TOTAL HITS $2,152
## 
### 
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
Donations of SI 13 were received
yesterday by the Stanford Red Cross,
raising the total amount collected to
$2,152. Of this amount, §100 was
donated by the Sophomore class.
