# DEBATE TODAY
## 
### 
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
Jim Kessler and Bill Hornby are
representing Stanford this afternoon
at the eighth annual Commonwealth
Club Debate with the University of
California which is being held at the
Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
debate is being broadcast over sta
tion KGO.
