# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.

Sunk by United Nations shellfire during the capture of Casablanca,
the French ship He d'Ovessant is raised bv giant cranes. The Allies
are clearing the harbor.
