# NO PARLOR GOSSIP
## 
### 
Contrary to the usual lull of inac
tivity, during which affairs are al
lowed to drift independently follow
ing a moment of high tension, Stan
ford faces a problem that demands
careful scrutiny, after the football
wrangle which held the spotlight for
a brief but eventful period yesterday.
With the University athletic policy j
pictured in Noah Webster's most |
simple and homely terms, signifying
the indisputable retention of rugby on
the boards, a glance at the future, in
respect to Santa Clara and her rela
tions to Stanford, appears not only
appropriate, but absolutely unavoid
able.
********
Since, beyond all shadow of doubt,
Santa Clara will afford the main-tent
competition for years to come, the
formation of some definite understand
ing with the neighboring educational
institution, regarding football rela
tions, seems not only reasonable and
logical, but extremely expedient. At |
the present writing, there exists but
one amoebic agreement that connects
the two universities â€”intention to play
rugby at Ewing Field, San Francisco,
November 11.
********
Mutual adoption of certain prin
ciples of rules, common to Stanford
but foreign to Santa Clara, are indis
pensable for the development of
proper friendship between the com
peting institutions. Tn order to pro
mote such a desired spirit, one must
insist upon a similar understanding
which has governed our intercollegiate
relations with other universities In
the past.
********
Bearing these facts in mind, it
should be compulsory for the nearby
mission athletic authorities to assent
to present regulations under which
Stanford deems it necessary to com
pete. A five year rule, which curtails
competition of any athlete to a period
of five seasons; limitation of appear
ance in the Stanford-Santa Clara clas
sic to four times; ineligibility of
transfer students, preparatory players,
and those tainted with professional
ism; and similar standards of schol
arship should be fundamental prin
ciples of Santa Clara, from which
there should not be the slightest de
viation.
