# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
Twenty-two members of the Botany
and Entymology departments hold a
bonfire picnic at Roble Bridge last
evening.
