# Nicol to Broadcast On Final Program
## 
### 
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
"French Poets in Prison" will be
the theme of a talk to be given by
Dr. Theodore Nicol, Romanic lan
guage instructor, on KGO's Stan
ford University Program Wednesday
August 23, from 7:15 to 7:30.
This will be the final program of
the current school year, as the
broadcast originally scheduled for
August 30 has been cancelled in fa
vor of the Collegiate All-Star-New
York Giant football broadcast from
Chicago.
