# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
This time of year, The
Farm can get a bit on
the chilly side, not
only in a top-down
MG, but even while
bustling to an early
class. The answer, ob
viously, is a warm
jacket from Roos/
Atkins, whose un
paralleled selection
includes a few at
nicely reduced prices
—broken sizes at five
bucks off per gar
ment, roughly. Costs
nothing to take a look,
so do it!
roos/atkins
