# MOVIE REVIEW
## Extraneous Scenes Detract from 'Phaedra' 
### PAGE EDWARDS Jr 
“Phaedra” is another modern
revival of Greek mythology. The
plot, enhanced with modern day
shipping in Greece, large villas
and yachts, pivots around the old
eternal triangle.

Phaedra, wife of Thanos (The
seus in the myth) falls in love
with her stepson Alexis (Hippo
lytus). Alexis, after a pleasant
but short affair, declares the as
sociation to be dirty and repulses
Phaedra’s advances. Phaedra, in
stead of hanging herself as in the
old days, takes sleeping pills and
with her departure all the sym
bols (which are quite involved)
simultaneously crash, sink and
crumble.

THIS TRAGEDY of profound
love and self-destruction has no
new twist. Fate, forboded by
Anna, Phaedra’s nurse, shoves all
into filth and ruin—retribution
for incest and lust for power.
Camera work by Jazues Nat
teau vividly portrays a love scene
in front of a fireplace in Phae
dra’s villa with extremely sensual
effects. Bare flesh, flames, rain
and pulsating guitars add im
measurably to the action—it is
worth seeing the flick if only for
this scene.

MELINA Mercouri does a spec
tacular job playing lovesick
Phaedra. Except that she assumes
and retains mythical qualities
while Tony Perkins (as Alexis)
plays the modern young college
boy. It is quite unbelievable how
the two could fall in love. Once
you believe the love is real and
exists, then everything else fol
lows beautifully.

The performance drags a bit in

places. We get caught up in in
volved business deals and trite
meaningless situations, then are
pulled back into mythical drama
and bliss. Those supporting Me
lina Mercouri are not powerful
enough to carry business confer
ence scenes and boat yard scenes
to make the movie good in its en
tirety. However, when the dra
matic points evolve, all actors are
prepared and with especially ef
fective make-up jobs jump into
embraces and tears, blood and
kisses with strength and inten
sity.

A few sequences which hold
neither emotion nor meaning are
used well by Perkins as a young
flippant comic. The only objection
to the movie is the side scenes
which hold neither comedy nor
drama but merely relay informa
tion which could be said just as
well somewhere else—-or not at
all.
A NUMBER of women walk
around in bikinis and nightgowns
in these boring scenes, but even
that gets old after awhile.
The triangular involvement of
the three major characters- Tha
nos, Phaedra’s husband, forms the
obtuse angle—is solved in a tragic
and classical manner. Also, the
situation evolves slowly and me
thodically into the major crises.
It is just those little meaningless
scenes scampering in and out that
break up the smooth flow of a
powerful story.
In general, the movie is worth
seeing for the scattered well-done
scenes. If it were shortened by
one third, it would be much bet
ter.

“Phaedra” will play through to
morrow at the Paris in Palo Alto
