# Adv. 28 Page 5
## 
### 
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
APPLICATIONS DUE
Applications for student posi
tion on University Commit
tees are due in the ASSU
office by 5 p.m. today.
