# California Coach.
## 
### 
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
The Chicago Record-Herald is
authority for the statement that
Woodruff, who has coached the
University of Pennsylvania for the
past nine years, and who brought
out the famous guards-back forma
tion, is to coach the University of
California next year. The same
paper says that the University of
Pennsylvania is trying to arrange
a date to meet the University of
California at San Francisco next
Christmas, while Coach Simpson is
anxious to take the California team
East to meet some of the big East
ern elevens.
