# NEVER THE TRAINS SHALL MEET
## 
### 

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.

CHARLES BEHEYT, gate tender at the University Avenue railroad
crossing, has been lowering the gates for three years now. During his
eight-hour shift he lips and downs the barriers 31 times.
