# BROADCAST, TV
## 
### 
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
This week end's game with USC
will be broadcast over KROW and
KZSU at 8:30 p.m. each night.
KZSU will also broadcast the pre
liminary games, starting at 3:45
today and 6:15 tomorrow. Tomor
row's varsity game will be tele
vised over KGO-TV at 8:30 p.m.
Tonight's game will not he tele
vised.
