# BRITISH SCIENTIST EXPOUNDS THEORIES FOR WORLD'S END
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
LONDON, Jan. 6 (/P) —A picture of
the world ending through a slow
change of matter into radiation was
drawn for the members of the math
ematical association by Sir Arthur
Eddington, professor of astronomy at
Cambridge University, in a lecture
last night.
Sir Arthur cautiously refrained
from predicting exactly what the end
of the world would be, but one of
several possibilities, based upon a
supposition that matter slowly is be
ing changed into radiation, was, he
said, that the universe would ulti
mately become a ball of radiation.
The ball would ever grow larger,
the radiation becoming thinner and
passing into longer and longer wave
lengths. About every 1,500 million
years it would double its radius and
its size would go on expanding in
this way in geometrical progression
forever.
