# ROTHERT, MORRISON, KRENZ WILL WEAR OLYMPIC EMBLEMS
## 
### 
â€¢
According to the announcement
made yesterday by Coach Charlie
Hunter of the Olympic Club, the
Winged O track and field team will
be bolstered by numerous Stanford
performers. Eric Krenz, former Car
dinal captain and stellar performer
with the shot and discus; Harlow
Rothert, intercollegiate shot-put
champion; and. Johnny Morrison,
brilliant Indian quarter-miler, will
all wear the colors of the Olympic
Club this season.
The San Francisco organization,
always represented by a strong
team, has usually secured many
Stanford athletes after their depart
ure from the Farm. The late? Ward
Edmonds, "Biff" Hoffman, Bill
Storie, and other exceptional per
formers, have competed for the club
during recent years.
