# Northwest Admiral
## 
### 

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.

Rear Admiral E. H. Campbell has
been appointed commandant of the
thirteenth naval district with head
quarters at Puget Sound, Wash.,
pay/ yard.
