# LUCKY DOGS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. (> (/P).—After 30
years of effort on tho part of their
friends, stray dogs in Chicago are
to gei a "break" in the form of
municipal shelter costing $55,000.
