# "GOOD SAMARITAN" ROBS SICK GROCER
## 
### 
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 6. (/P)—C. L.
Jones, a grocer, was looking today
for a woman customer, his cork leu
and $90 in gold. When he became ill
in his store late yesterday, the wo
man offered to care for him. He ac
ccpted.
At his home she made him a hot
lemonade and he soon fell asleep.
When he awoke, he told police, his
nurse was gone and so was his cork
leg. And worse than that, he said,
$90 in gold was hidden in the leg.
MANILA, Jan. G. (/P) —A typhoon
which raged in the central Philip
pines Saturday caused at least 150
deaths and $1,250,000 damage.
