# U.C. PROF DIES
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
BERKELEY, Jan. (J .—Dr. W. A.
Lippincott, 47, professor of poultry
husbandry at the University of Cali
fornia, died last night of a heart at
tack.
