# JOINT MURAL GRID TITLE GIVEN DELT, SIGMA CHI SQUADS
## 
### 
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
Sigma Chi and Delta Tau Delta
will share the intramural touch
football championship for the 19150
season. Such was the decision
reached by representatives of the
two fraternities who conferred with
members of the mural sports com
mittee yesterday.
In the final game of the season,
Sigma Chi downed the Delts by a
score of 2-0, but the game was
played under protest of the latter
outfit. The eligibility of a Sigma
Chi player, a member of the varsity
gridiron squad, was questioned.
Investigation proved that the man
involved had secured permission
from one of the coaches to play,
although the permission had been
obtained a trifle late in the season.
Hearings before the intramural
committee resulted in a deadlock,
but ultimately a compromise was
arranged.
According to the agreement
reached, the teams will hold the
championship jointly and split the
mural points. The bone of conten
tion, however, proved to be the sil
ver trophy of victory. Each frater
nity will have its name inscribed
on the award, anfl will share the
trophy during the present year.
Possession of the award during
rushing season proved to be a sad
snag for negotiations. Both organi
zations are anxious to have the sil
ver token grace their mantle during
this period, and no arrangement has
yet been made. However, the two
fraternities have agreed to settle
this predicament some time today.
