# DARTMOUTH STUDENTS OFFERED CHANCE TO ACT IN MOVIES
## 
### 
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
Between thirty and forty Dartmouth
undergraduates have been requested
to take part in the production of a
motion picture, "Backbone," being
filmed near Woodstock, Vt., by the
Distinctive Pictures Corporation of
New York. The students are to take
the part of lumberjacks and back
woodsmen. They will receive six dol
lars a day and all expenses including
board and bus transportation to and
from Woodstock.
