# Adv. 30 Page 8
## 
### 
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Lfir/if/p
JEWELERS
535 Bryant St:
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewelers
For Over 35 Years
