# ENTERTAINMENT
## Sting and Synchronicity: a message without hype 
### TIM GRIEVE 
Don't be fooled by the title.
When the Police chose lung's
term "Synchronicity" for the
title of the band's latest album,
the band did not succumb to the
pretension that most bands
with-a-message usually adopt.
Rather, the Police continue to
put out meaningful, but catchy,
tunes without the oh-God-this
is-so-deep mentality in which
bands like Rush and Yes wallow

or the hey-look-at-us-we're
being-political attitude of the
Clash.
Synchronicity isn't an effort to
find God, stop nuclear weapons,
get the United States out of El
Salvador, end world hunger or
overthrow Reagan. Sting, the
band's bassist snd primary
songwriter and vocalist, has said
in the past that the world's prob
lems are too complex to solve in
the two-minute-and-58-second

pop song.
What the Police do in those
two minutes and 58 seconds,
though, is pack a head-on blast
of painful emotions. Political,
no. Personal, yes.
Sting has latched on to the
sadness that hurts all of us: the
loneliness of being on the out
side looking in, the pain of an
unrequited love.
The deceptively simple single

