# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
I Recycle b
I Daily 1
CARLYLE
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROLEX
WATCHES
THE ADVANCE OF QUARTZ |
TECHNOLOGY, THE ASPECT
OF ROLEX INTEGRITY: THE
OYSTERQUARTZ DATE|UST
Deepen vour definition of
timekeeping art with the new
Rolex Oysterquartz Datejust.
The goal of high performance
electronic technology by
time's masterbuilder, Rolex,
is met in two exceptional
models, earh with matching
integral ht '<>t (I the Oys
terquartz |ust iii i.iinless
steel and gold; (r), tin stain
less steel Oysterquartz. Prob
ing today's quartz disciplines
for tomorrow's precision, the
Rolex Oysterquartz takes
time's ultimate measure. With
its 11-jewel movement and
quartz-linked motor, the new
Oysterquartz with Twinlock
crown is also pressure-proof
down jo 165 feet.
Carlule
J JIWIIIM
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
