# Early music, vocal magic
## 
### 
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
The Early Music Singers and
the Renaissance Wind Band of
the Music Department will per
form the works of Heinrich
Isaac at 8 tonight in Memorial
Church.
Isaac, one of the brilliant
composers of the early 16th
century, was a master at com
posing both majestic church
music and lively, ribald music
to provide an evening's diver
sion.
The Early Music Singers, di
rected by Prof. William Marht,
specialize in the performance
of choral masterworks from
the 15th and 16th centuries,
when the leading composers
wrote for voice.
The Renaissance Wind Band,
directed by lecturer Herbert
Myers, will be represented by
consorts of recorders, of re
naissance flutes, and of
shawms and sackbuts.


Prof. Willi dm Mahrt
