# Haydn's 'Creation'
## 
### 
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
Haydn's oratorio, The
Creation, sung by the Uni
versity Chorus with the
chamber orchestra and sol
oists, conducted by William
Ramsey, will be presented
by the Music Department at

8 p.m. Friday.
The Memorial Church
concert will feature sop
ranos Kaaren Herr Erickson
and Nancy Wait, tenor Gre
gory Wait, baritone Craig
lessop and bass Andrew
Wentzel.
The oratorio, based on
the Book of Genesis and
Milton'sParad/se Lost, has a
libretto by Gottfried van

Sweiten.
Nancy Wait, who will sing
the role of Eve, is complet
ing her master's degree in
voice here. Gregory Wait,
singing Uriel, is a music fa
culty member.
lessop, a doctoral candi
date here, has been a guest
soloist with the Mormon
Tabernacle Choir and the
Utah Symphony.
