# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.

Food for tnought
The San Francisco Mime Troupe, celebrating its 20th anniversary, is going indoors this winter to
present the West Coast premiere of the Italian farce, We Can't Pay, We Won't Pay. Dario Fo's play is
set in a poor Milano neighborhood, where inflation forces some strange tactics upon the starving
citizens. The show runs, a!ong with TV Dinner, at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, Dec. 12
through Jan. 6.
