# 40 Nations Represented In World Business Meet
## 
### 
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
VIENNA, May 29 (>P)—The sev
enth congress of the International
Chamber of Commerce opened today
with speeches stressing that the
governments of the world apparently
are in the mood for bold and de
cisive action to overcome the eco
nomic crisis.
( Business men from 40 nations are
attending the meeting, including 55
delegates from the United States.
