# Cadets' Choice
## 
### 

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)

Ruth Richey, University of Cln
cinnati coed, was chosen by th«
school's cadet corps as their hon
orary colonel. (Associated Press
Photo)
