# PAIR WILL GIVE VARIED CONCERT
## Violinist, Pianist Appear On Campus Tonight 
### 
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
Selections by a varied group of
composers will be presented by Miss
Elizabeth Strong, violinist, and Miss
Bethel Melvin, pianist and accom
panist, in their concert tonight at
7:30 o'clock in the Assembly Hall.
The program will be divided into
three parts, the first and third to
feature Miss Strong, and the second
Miss Melvin. The numbers to be
presented are as follows:
Sonata in A Major Franck
Soaring Schumann
Reflections in the Water.. .Debussy
Rhapsody in G Minor Brahms
Holzapfel und Schlehwein.Korngold
Arioso Bach
Siciliano and Rigaudon
Francoeur-Kreisler
Miss Melvin is well known for her
work as a concert pianist and ac
companist, and is at present pre
senting radio concerts over station
KYA in San Francisco. Miss Strong
has appeared in many concerts both
in the East and in the West.
