# Quad Business Staff Holds Tryout Meeting
## 
### 
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
Tryouts for Quad business staff
will begin twnight at 7 o'clock when
a meeting will be held in the office
in the Press Building for both old
and new members of the staff. All
students, men especially, are urged
to try out by Business Manager
Charles Fontius.
The Quad staff offers experience in
advertising and business manage
ment, leading to the positions of
managers. "'There is plenty of room
for n,ew members on the staff," says
Manager Fontius, "and anyone who
wishes may either drop in at the
office any time during the afternoon
and sign up, or come to the meeting
tonight."
