# HOW SPEAKERS SPEAK
## 
### 

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)

Representative Joseph W. Byrns, left, of Tennessee, speaker of the
House, and Vice-President John N. Garner of Texas were photographed
together in Byrns' office at Washington as they met to talk over legisla
tive matters. (Associated Press photo.)
