# HITLER APPEALS TO GERMANY
## 
### 

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)

Germany's new chancellor, Adolf Hitler, is shown in Berlin broad
casting his appeal to the German people to give his regime four years
in which to "make good the havoc produced by 14 years of republican
rule." (Associated Press Photo)
