# ROOSEVELT ON START OF ILL-FATED TRIP
## 
### 

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)

President-Elect Franklin I). Roosevelt shown as he sailed from Jacksonville, Florida, on the unfortunate
journey which took him to Miami, where a would-be assassin's bullets struck Mayor Anton Cermak of Chi
cago, who is now near death, and five others. Friends who accompanied Roosevelt arc, left to right: Fred
Kernochan, George St. George, Kcrmit Roosevelt, the President-elect, and Vincent Astor, owner of the yacht
011 which the party embarked. (AP Photo)
