# CARDINAL RUGGERS PLAN BATTLE WITH PASADENA PLAYERS
## Proceeds From Game With Strong Southern Team Go To Relief Fund 
### 
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
Stanford sport fans who have
been caught up in the enthusiasm
for rugby will be able to see a real
exhibition of the ancient and honor
able sport when the Pasadena Reds
meet the Stanford Rugby Club here
in the Stadium, February 24.
Pasadena has been cleaning up
everything in the way of rugger
competition in the South and will
come here with a well-justified
claim to the championship of that
region. Stanford has defeated the
Olympic Club as well as the Bar
barian All-Blacks. According to our
local experts, Norman Cleaveland
and Harry Maloney, among others,
the Stanford men have built a
mighty sweet team.
The game was arranged by the
A.S.S.U. relief committee and all
proceeds go to student, unemploy
ment funds. Twenty-five cents ad
mission will be charged, with no
complimentaries.
