# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
FRIDAY
12:10 p.m.—ln the Union Alcove
student leaders of religion will
hold a luncheon meeting with Dr.
Allyn K. Foster as Ihe main
speaker.
3:30-5:30 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. tea 'in
honor of faculty members of Eng
lish department.
4:10 p.m.—Dr. Allyn K. Foster will
speak in the Women's Clubhouse
on '"Science and Religion." Open
to the public.
7:30 p.m.—"A Key to the Balkans,"
by Dr. C. Telford Erickson, Chief
Executive of the Albanian-Ameri
can School of Agriculture. Little
Theatre. The public is invited.
MONDAY
7 to 8 p.m.—Graduate students'
jolly-up in the Women's Club
house given by the Blue Stocking
Club. All graduate men are in
vited.
MISCELLANEOUS
Exhibit: The University Library.
English Club exhibit of the pub
lished work of its members, past
and present.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery. Exhibit: Photographs by Bur
ton Crandall, until February 28.
Paintings by the Women Painters
of the West, until March 5.
—— | A
