# FARM REPRESENTATIVE
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur o£
Stanford University announced to
day the appointment of Harold
Marshall Clark, '20. of Ashland,
Ohio, as Stanford's representative
at the inauguration of Dr. Kenneth
Irving Brown as president of Den
nison University on October 18.
The Stanford Alumni Association
was organized in 1892.
