# MARKET SHOWS GAIN
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
SAN FRANCISO, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Prices on the San Francisco Stock
Exchange closed moderately higher
oday in slightly heavier trading.
Jils and utilities firmed somewhat
but showed less strength than the
industrials.
The iron and steel industry has
plants in 250 communities of 28 dif
ferent states.
