# Board to Enforce Men's Rush Rules
## 
### 
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
Interfraternity rushing rules arc in
cffect as of the present time, accord
ing to Pete Whittlesey, Interfrater
nity president, in an announcement
yesterday.
Frosh are warned not to visit the
Row until the first official rush pe
riod, and fraternity men are not to
visit Encina until after formal
pledging.
Whittlesey announces an Interfra
ternity Council meeting Thursday
night, followed by a Board of Con
trol meeting next Tuesday night.
