# Wilbur Appoints New Instructors
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
yesterday announced the appoint
ment of Roberto Bengalia Sangiori
and George E. McSpadden as in
structors in the Department of Ro
manic Languages for the current
academic year.
Mr. Sangiori, a native of Rome,
Italy, is a naturalized American
citizen. He taught at St. Mary's
College for five years. Mr. Mc-
Spadden, a Stanford graduate, has
been on the faculty of the Univer
sity of Idaho, Southern Branch.
Other appointments to the fac
ulty included Robert Fabin Krupp
as instructor in mechanical engi
neering, Louis E. De Lanney as
instructor in biology, Charles Cra
ven Scott and Matthew Evans as
instructors in history, Dr. Randolph
Flood as clinical instructor in pe
diatrics, and Miss Florence Tennant
as acting instructor in hygiene and
physical education.
