# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
TRACKMEN, varsity and frosh,
should report to Coach Franklin
Johnson Thursday.
Y.W.C.A. to hold tea in Women's
Clubhouse for new women today
3 to 5 o'clock.
ROOM ANI) BOARD for all worn- !
en's dormitories will be collected
Wednesday, Sept. 25, in the lobby
of the Administration Building
from 8 to 5 o'clocV
RALLY COMMITTEE will meet to
morrow at 7:.')0 o'clock in the j
Women's Clubhouse.
