# EX-DAILY MAN WEDS
## 
### 
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
Bob Glikbarg, '40, former Daily
night editor, was married last sum
mer to Edith Daily, San Jose State
graduate. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood
performed the ceremony in Stan
ford's Chapel.
