# Barrymore Seeks Fourth Divorce
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23 (UP).—
Actor John Barrymore. who spanked
his wife, Elaine Barrie, with such
gusto in a stage play she left him—
temporarily—filed a divorce suit
against her today charging cruelty
and she inflicted "great bodily in
jury" upon him.
"The Great Profile" of stage and
screen also sought an injunction to
restrain her from "annoying and
harrassing him in his peace and
quiet."
The four-time marired Barrymore
charged that since last. January 1
Miss Barrie had shown "extreme
cruelty" and had "inflicted upon
him great bodily injury and grievous
mental suffering."
The divorce, if granted, will be
Barry mores fourth. He was di
vorced by Katherine Harris in 1917
after seven years of married life;
by Mrs. Leonard Thomas in 1928
after eight years of matrimony, and
by Dolores Costello in 1935.
