# PRINTS FIRST BOOK
## 
### 
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
The University of Minnesota Press
recently published its first book, a
biography of Dr. Cyrus Northrup. The
biography was written by Oscar W.
Firkins, professor of comparative liter
ature at Minnesota.
