# HINDU MISSIONARY GUEST OF SEQUOIA
## 
### 
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
B. P. Sircar, Hindu missionary and
evangelist, who is visiting in this coun
try while studying the foreign work
methods of the American Y. M. C. A.,
will address the members of the Sequoia
eating club this evening. Mr. Sircar
will be the guest of the club and will
give a short talk immediately after the
dinner hour.
