# Students Meditate, Abandon Drugs
## 
### 
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
On scores of college campuses
across the nation, students are
turning away from drugs and
substituting transcendental med
itation in their attempt to be
"tumed-on."
The motivation for this switch
from drugs to meditation, ac
cording to the current issue of
Look magazine, stems from the
teachings of a diminutive monk
from India, Maharishi Mahesh
Yogi, who gained instant fame
as the "jet-age guru" who guid
ed the Beattles off LSD by way
of "a new, non-chemical turn
on."
Maharishi's followers, estimat
ed worldwide at 250,000 with
more than 5,000 on U.S. campus
es claim that meditation has
cummulative results, but the im
mediate effects are the release
of tension and more individual
stability.
"One thing that has made
people so receptive to Mahari
shi's message is hallucinogenic

drugs," a Yale student is quoted
in the magazine. "After having
tried LSD and having meditated
for about a year now, LSD —
well — it's just not real."
Another youth reported: "In
the week immediately following
my initiation into meditation, I
cut my hair, returned to my
family's house, got a job and
registered in a school for the
fall."
About to undergo his initia
tion, an 18-year-old stated that
transcendental meditation is
"supposed to be like a high and
all, but you don't have to take
drugs. You get a self-satisfied
feeling and learn about your
self. I don't know, but people
who do it seem so happy and re
laxed."
To many of the practitioners,
not only does meditation work,
but it works for anything. "Once
you start meditating," one col>
lege co-ed revealed, "you're lots
more likely to make a better
choice for a marriage mate."
