# Women's Basketball Postponed.
## 
### 
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
The basketball game between the
Juniors and Seniors, which was sche
duled for yesterday has been post
poned until Thursday at 4:30. The
game between the Sophomores and
Freshmen will be played Wednesday
(ifternoon at the same time. The
finals between the winners of tho
two matches will be played Satur- |
day.
