# Freshmen Hold Smoker.
## 
### 
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
The Class of 1911 held an infor
mal smoker last night in Woodman's
Hall, Mayfleld, and aoout seventy
five Freshmen were In attendance.
Light refreshments were served af
ter several boxing exhibitions had
been enjoyed.
