# Frosh Hoopsters Take Day Lay-Off
## 
### 
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
With tough games with Cal and
Santa Clara coming up. Stanford's
frosh basketeers will take a lay-off
today as Coach Wytze Goiter at
tempts to keep them in winning
form.
Although easy victors over the Cal
Bearcubs in their first "Little Big
Game" two weeks ago, the Papooses
won't be too highly favored Friday
night. With the rise of Ed Willi,
tiny dead-eye forward, and Center
McGee to the first string, the Bear
lets have tucked three straight wins
under their belt.
Saturday night the Papooses will
tangle with their toughest opponents
to date—the Bronco frosh—who have
lost only two games. Leading the
Colts is Bruce Hale, a lightning
fast forward, a potential scorer ev
ery time he lays his hands on the
ball.
