# Lagunita Elects Casa Presidents
## 
### 
Nominations and elections to the
office of president were held in the
six Lagunita casas last night, fol
lowing Monday's voting on posts
representing the Court at large.
Kay Fitzpatrick was chosen presi
dent of Casa Adelfa, Wanda Truax
of Eucalypto, and Margaret Ratcliff
of Granada. Also elected were Isa
belle Henderson, president of Casa
Naranja, Dorothy Weaver of Mag
nolia, and Mildred Riles of Olivo.
Nominations for the post of casa
vice president, who must not be
from the same floor as the presi
dent, opened last night and will be
continued today. Vice presidents
and members of Committee of Sev
en, who are also to be nominated to
day, will be elected tonight.
