# KILLEFER REQUESTS
## 
### 
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
Tom Killefer last night re
quested that The Daily pub
lish an editorial about people
who study in the Nitery. Two
tentative signboards, reading:
"This is the Nitery; it is for
entertainment"' and "Study at
Your Own Itisk" were rejected
on grounds that they probably
would he stolen.
