# Untitled Article
## 
### 


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.


Fun with the sun
Two teachers and students from nearby
Lucille M. Nixon Elementary School look
at yesterday's partial solar eclipse
through photographic film and other
gadgets. The eclipse occurred from 7:54
to 9:43 a.m., during which more than a
third of the sun was obscured from view
by the moon. It could be seen across the
entire continental United States.
