# The 						'Tiger'
## 
### 

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.

This lion-hearted "Tiger," Bob
Alexander, ace Indian miler, prov
ed himself capable of big time
competition when he ran for a
sixth place in the National Col
legiates, Saturday. "Tiger" was
clocked in 4:17.7.
