# TWO O. S. U. STUDENTS RETURN FROM EUROPE
## 
### 
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
Two Ohio State university students
recently returned from a "bumming
tour" of Europe. They visited foreign
countries. Their total expense was
less than $100. They worked their way
back and forth on steamships as kitch
en helpers, and made good use of the
varying rates of exchange in the coun
tries they visited.

Streets adjoining the University of
Michigan campus are to be widened,
according to plans now being made.
