# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.

Carolan Strouse, Frances Lawrence, and Marion Farr as Pan and two
satyrs in a comedy scene from the "Legend of the Laurel," the women's
pageant to be given Saturday afternoon.
