# ASSEMBLY WELCOME WILL BE GIVEN DELEGATES
## Governor Richardson, James Swinnerton and Andrew Lawrence to Speak 
### 
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
The student body of the University
will welcome the 175 high school edi
tors here for the state-wide conven
tion, in an Assembly at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Alfred Masters, president of the As ;
sociated Students of the University,
will have charge of the meeting which
includes as speakers, President Ray
Lyman Wilbur, Governor Friend W.
Richardson, Andrew M. Lawrence, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Journal,
and James Swinnerton, artist and car
toonist.
Governor Richardson, who was for
a long time the editor of the Berkeley
Gazette, has been president of the
California Press Association for many
years. Previous to his election, Rich
ardson has served the state in the
capacity of State Printer, and, later,
as State Treasurer.
James Swinnerton, who was the
originator of the "Little Jimmy" series,
and has been drawing for the Hearst
papers for many years, will tell of his
experience in the newspaper world.
Swinnerton will note the changes that
have taken place since he started his
journalistic career, when he was not
only a cartoonist, but a reporter on
various kinds of work.
Known not only as a cartoonist,
Swinnerton has acquired fame for his
Arizona paintings. He has received
several prizes for his Hopi Indian
scenes.
