# THESES WRITING FIRM OFFERS HELP TO STUDENTS
## 
### 
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
A new corporation formed for the
purpose of relieving students of the
drudgery of writing theses on subjects
in which they are specializing recently
passed out circulars on the campus at
the University of Chicago. The firm
offered to write themes filling the col
lege requirements, on any subject, for
ten dollars.
