# Date for Women's Tennis Set.
## 
### 
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
The tennis tournament between the
women of Stanford and California will
be held Saturday, April 20th, on the
courts at Berkeley. Finnl arrange
ments have not yet been made and
the team will not be pickcd for ten
days. A preliminary tournament will
be held Tuesday, April 9, at 3, on
Roble Court, and all women who have
signed up for the tennis squad must
report at the courts at that hour
ready to play, or notify Miss R.
Sterne, '09.
