# THINGS TO BUY
## 
### 
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
Season tickets for the Stanford
Players productions will be on sale
in Memorial Hall Oct. 1 for $2.40.
Such a ticket will entitle the stu
dent to admission to the four majoi
shews to be presented.
Tickets to the Registration Dance
Tuesday at 9 p.m. will sell for one
dollar per couple at booths on Reg
istration days and at the A.S.S U
office. Stan Robinson's band will
play.
Yearbooks (the Stanford Quad*
may be purchased for $5.75 outside
the Administration Building or
Registration Day and thereafter,
when announced, at the post office.
Concert Series season tickets maj
be purchased at the Concert Serie3
office in the Nitery of the Old Un
ion for $6.20. $3.80, and $2.60. en
titling purchasers to hear such ar
tists at Bidu Sayao and the Dor
Cossack Choir.
