# Nomination Forms Are Now Available For Row Elections
## 
### 
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
Nomination blanks will be avail
able Monday for women wishing to
run for Women's Row offices, in
cluding president, secretary-treas
urer, and All-Row social chairman.
The blanks will be handed out at
house meetings and must be turned
in to How President Joyce Ballon
tine by Saturday, May !».
These four officers plus the Wom
en's How ASSU representative, who
was elected in the ASSU primary,
make up the administrative body
for the entire How.
Candidates for the offices must
meet certain requirements. The
president must have at least a "C"
average, be in her second quarter
of residence on the Row, and not
be on social probation at the time
of her election.
The other officers must fulfill
these same qualifications. In addi
tion, the chairman of the Com
mittee of Nine must have had at
least one quarter's experience as a
Council representative or equiva
lent experience in another living
group on campus. The secretary
treasurer and the social chairman
must also have had experience in
these offices.
The officers are elected for three
quarter terms.
