# I-Center to Move To Zeta Psi House
## 
### 
Stanford’s International Center,
technically homeless since its or
iginal campus quarters burned
beyond repair in November 1961,
will move into the Zeta Psi fra
ternity house at 583 Lagunita
Drive.

The $150,000 remodeling will bo
financed by the Stanford PACE
program. The project will move
ahead as soon as funds are in
hand. Hopefully, University offi
cials said, the building will be
renovated in time for use next
fall. Since the fire, the I-Center's
activities for Stanford’s 800 for
eign students and scholars have
been temporarily housed in the
Women’s Clubhouse and the Old
Union.
THE /ETA PSI house will be
come available when the fraterni
ty moves to its new quarters,
now nearing completion off May
field Ave. near the shore of Lake
Lagunita. in the second unit of
new fraternity housing. The fra
ternity’s old quarters were con
sidered an ideal location, accord
ing to University officials, be
cause they lie near the new Tre
sidder Memorial Union and other
student activity areas of the cam
pus.

Nearly 8000 square feet of us
able space will be available for
the new I-Center after the build
ing is stripped to the studs and
new floors, plumbing, wiring and
kitchen are installed. The two
story building will provide office
space for the Community Com
mittee, the Foreign Student Ad
viser and the Office for Foreign
Visitors.
