# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Attention of the literary socie
ties is culled to the fact that, ac
cording to the plans adopted by the
executive committee of the Inter-
Society Debating League, it is their
duty to choose tomorrow evening
their two representatives to contest
in the preliminaries for the Carnoi
Debate. Unless the societies per
form this duty at the proper time
the plans of the committee will be
seriously disarranged. Those who
intend to contest from the student
body at large should hand in their
names to Dr. Ross of the faculty
committee on the debate by next
Tuesday.
The experiment of holding the
preliminaries for the Carnot Debate
this semester is a new one, and like
all new ventures, unless all co-op

erate with and aid the committee
in its efforts to introduce a reform,
it may he difficult to put into mo
tion. Such a rational reform, how
ever, should receive the co-opera
tion of every one interested in
Stanford debating.
