# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
Meeting of Encina Hall Directors.
The directors of Encina Hall
met last evening to organize and
to talk over plans for the coming
semester. All the members were
present except Boren, '02. The
following are the officers: .1. T.
Nourse, '00, president; Paul Par
ker, '03, vice-president; Claude
Pollard, '03, secretary, and Ralph
McFadden, '04, treasurer. Ralph
Fisher, '02, was appointed chair
man of the social committee, and
was instructed to make arrange
ments for a reception to be given
in the near future.
