# Mires Urges Horseshoe Teams To Complete Play
## 
### 
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
Teams still competing in the
horseshoe tournament are urged to
play their matches by Gene Mires,
intramural manager. These matches
must be completed by the scheduled
time. Score sheets may be obtained
from Myron Schatl in the Encina
gym.
