# Deadline Today On Masque Ball Bids, Costumes
## 
### 
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
Bids for tomorrow night's
Masque Ball, which calls the
campus to the Pavilion from
!) to I o'clock, arc still available
at the A.S.S.U. olTiccs in the
Old Union. All proceeds from
the alYuir, including the King
Contest, go to the Stanford
Convalescent Home.
For those who wish to rent
costtimcs and have not done so.
the offices in the Pavilion of
Goldstein and Company will he
open from 1(1 o'clock this morn
ing until the same time to
night. Marc Krupp and Herb
Sanderson, campus agents,
stated last night that a large
supply of good costumes at very
low rates are still on hand.
Kall.v Conunitce officials add
ed that any kind of a costume,
home-made or rented, is ac
ceptable, hut that everyone
must wear masks. Men may
wear, as they have done in the
past, anything from a bed sheet
to full dress suit without the
trousers.
