# L.I.D. Hears Economic Talk At Local Meeting
## 
### 
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
Economic freedom can be achieved
under a system like that of Con
sumers' Co-operatives, Charles
Schleicher, political science gradu
ate, told the League for Industrial
Democracy last night at a meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
Interrupting Schleicher, discussion
occurred among members on de
centralization in industry and com
munism as practiced in Russia,
topics mentioned in the talk.
