# Sprague in a Critical Condition.
## 
### 
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
H. A. Sprague, '04, who was sud
denly taken down Friday with ap
pendicitis, was removed to Lane's
Hospital and operated upon ►Satur
day. At present he is in a very
critical condition, though resting
as easily as could he expected
under the circumstances. The
danger point will he passed tomor
row. Hprague's strong constitution
is much in his favor.
