# At New York University.
## 
### 
Prof. Karl Barnes, who was for
several years head of the Educa
tion department here, is delivering
a course of lectures iit New York
University, us is explained by the
following from the weekly Tria%igle.
"By invitation of the University,
Dr. Fail Barnes, formerly of Leland
Stanford Jr. University, and more
recently a successful lecturer upon
pedagogy in Great Britain, is to
give weekly lectures for six weeks,
beginning January 4, 1902, at 12
o'clock noon, upon "Child Study,"
discussing in order the child physi
cal, emotional, thinking, moral, re
ligious, and political. They will
be the result of quantitive studies
of children both in America and in
England, and will be fully- illus
trated bv charts."
