# Professor Duniway at Leipsic.
## 
### 
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
Professor Farrand has received a
letter from Professor Duniway
written at Leipsic just before
Christmas. He had been studying
there and was just about to leave
for Merlin. Professor Duniway had
devoted the greater part of his time
abroad to an examination of the
methods of study in German uni
versities, and at present is making
a special study in reference to his
course in International Law. He
is planning to visit the University
of Paris before he returns to Stan
ford in August.
