# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
—Instruction began Monday at
the University of California. The
entering class numbers about one
hundred.
—It has been estimated that if a
person wished to take all the
courses offered at Stanford, 103
years would be required to com
plete the list.
—In the January number of Out
West, Editor Lummis writes on "A
Duel in the Desert" between a wild
cat and an owl, the skeleton story
of which is preserved in the
Museum.
