# Encina Club Directors.
## 
### 
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
Bayard Nourse was elected last
evening to the vacancy on the En
cina board of directors from the
Junior class. J. B. Lillard, '99,
was made treasurer; Nourse, '03,
chairman of the social committee;
Collyer, '04, of the committee on
periodicals; and Hauvennan, '03,
on pictures and trophies. Lousley,
'05, and Beach, '05, will have
charge of the games.
