# Letters
## Academic freedom supports a Hoover-Meese affiliation 
### 
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
Even though i have
very little regard for Ed
Meese's views, I am in
strong support of his affiliation
with Hoover. I support his af
filiation on the grounds of aca
demic freedom.
Liberal pressure cannot dic
tate what we are allowed to
study and hear, any more than
conservative pressure. I have
always rejected the notion that
the administration should influ

ence Hoover's agenda, and I
cannot for the life of me under
stand why forces within Stan
ford are afraid of "ideas."
Universities work when an
entire banquet of ideas (includ
ing the extremes) are available
for study. Forcing everyone to
the mean does not stretch the
minds of scholars.
I call on the opponents of
Hoover not to debate Hoover's
right to exist, but to channel

their efforts toward debating
Hoover's philosophy in an open
and engaging forum.
A lively debate about ideas, it
seems to me, would serve the
true purposes of a university.
Hoover's opponents should do
this for their own sake — what
is next if the Trustees are al
lowed to influence the views of
scholars and departments?
Throughout history, the most
tarnished reputations belong to

those individuals and institu
tions that tried to bury the
ideas they opposed instead of
debating them. Stanford's repu
tation will also be tarnished if
it ceases to be a venue for free
untrammeled thinking, and in
stead becomes an institution
that fears and muffles those
ideas outside of the accepted
mainstream.
David Dodson
1983 Stanford graduate
