# Sport Short
## 
### 
Sailing
In Stanford's only home
regatta of the fall season, the
Cardinal sailing team will
host the Stanford Invitation
al this Saturday and Sunday
in Redwood City.
Ten of the top sailing
squads in California will be
featured in this district
regatta, including Stanford,
California, USC, San Jose
State, Santa Cruz, UC-
Irvine, San Diego State,
Santa Clara, San Francisco
State, and Cal Poly-San Luis
Obispo. The action is sched
uled to begin at 11 a.m. and
continue until approximately
5 p.m. on Saturday and Sun
day.
After participating in var
ious regattas in September
and October, the sailing
team is ranked ninth in the
country under new coach
Steve Bordeaux.
Despite struggling early in
the season, the team has
steadily improved and hopes
to continue that trend head
ing into next weekend's
miyor North/South Intersec
tional at San Luis Obispo.
