# S.C Ticket Sale To Start Today
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the South
ern California-Stanford football
game, to be played in Los An
geles November 6, go on sale at
the Board of Athletic Control
office today, Saturday, Monday,
and Tuesday, October 15, IG, 18,
and 19. The price is $1.10. Stu
dents may purchase six addi
tional tickets at the regular
price of $2.75 each.
Rooters' tickets for the Cali
fornia - Stanford game, to be
played in the Stanford Stadium
November 20, will be on sale at
the Board of Athletic Control
office Friday, Saturday, Mon
day, and Tuesday, October 22,
23. 25, and 26 at $1.65. Stu
dents may purchase four addi
tional tickets at the regular
price of $4.40. Office hours at
the Board of Athletic Control
are 8:30 to 12 o'clock on Satur
day and 8:30 to 5 o'clock on
other days.
