# BUNN TO SPEAK
## 
### 
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
John Bunn will speak instead of
Bobby Grayson as was formerly an
nounced at a meeting of the Roger
Williams Club on Sunday night at
the Theta Xi house. Walter Jame
son, president of the club, will be
the host.
