# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces i
the pledging of Bob C. Moulton, '39, i
to Theta Delta Chi.
