# Political Union Sets Elections Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
The Political Union will elect
officers for the coming year to
morrow night at 7:15 in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Immediately following the elec
tions there will be a business
meeting to vote on the amend
ments recently added to the new
Political Union constitution, ac
cording to Political Union presi
dent Rex Kramer.
