# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
The Stanford boxing will have
its home debut tomorrow night
against Santa Clara. See tomor
row's Daily for details of the
matches.
