# U.S.O. Asks Farm For Contributions
## 
### 
Students of Stanford University
and residents of Palo Alto are be
ing urgently appealed to for con
tributions by the local USO Com
mittee assigned to cover this terri
tory, Mrs. Robert E. Frank, cam
paign committee member, announced
yesterday.
According to Professor Guido
Marx of Stanford, campaign director
for USO, "the USO represents one
way we can all get behind the men
behind the guns. We must let them
know that the people at home not
only appreciate but care for them.
He who gives quickly gives twice."
It was pointed out by Marx that
over 1,500 alumni and other Stan
ford students are now participating
in the war. When money is raised
from Stanford and Palo Alto it will
be indirectly helping these boys,
Marx said.
Much of the land of Louisiana is
lower than the banks of the Missis
sippi River.
