# Heart Operation Is Hospital First
## 
### 
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
The first open heart operation
in the new Palo Alto-Stanford
Hospital was completed by Dr.
Norman Shumway on a 36-year
old Sacramento salesman Friday.
For one hour of the five and a
half hour operation the patient
was kept alive hy a heart-lung
machine which maintained cir
culation for him while his heart
was open.
Surgeons stitched closed a hole
in the wall that separates the
upper chambers of the heart.
Operating rooms in the new
hospital opened early in Decem
ber.
