# The 						Law Register
## 
### 
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
The Stanford Law Register,
newspaper for the L.iw School,
has made its first appearance. It
will be published twice a quarter
and replaces the old Stanford
Quaere which came out inter
mittently and was discontinued
two years ago.
Bob Carmody is editor of (he
Register, assisted by Jim Ben
nett. managing editor.
