# Talk Treats Work, Style Of Salinger
## 
### Ross Hermann 
The works, style, and method
ology of contemporary writer J.
S. Salinger were examined by
William Wiegand of Ihe English
Department in an informal lec
ture last night at the Bowman
Alumni House.
Wiegand began his talk by read
ing a letter written by Salinger
to a New York newspaper in
which he expressed the need for
penal reform in New York State.
The general tone of the letter in
dicates, according to Wiegand,
that the mystical, long-winded
Salinger has been considerably
transformed. He appears to have
"cleaned house" and to have put
order into his whole system.
Characteristic Heroes
In speaking of Salinger stories,
Wiegand stated that all of the
hero characters seem to be af
flicted with a fever or disease re
sulting from too much experience.
The burden of excess experience
becomes so great that they can
not purge themselves of the
malady.
There seems to be a definite
parallel between this concept and
the story of the banana fish,
which is told in Salinger work,
"Perfect Day for Banana Fish."
Salinger's New Work
Wiegand also discussed Salin
ger's most recent story, "Sey
mour," which is the last of the
Glass family series. He noted
that the work has been described
by one expert as a "crashing
bore."
Wiegand speculated that per
haps "Seymour" marks the end
of the old Salinger and the be
ginning of something radically
new. Salinger's letter concerning
penal reform appears as an ef
fort to get himself caught up in
something concrete and real. In
this respect it may indicate some
thing of the course Salinger's
work may follow in the future.
