# CROTHERS MEMORIAL OFFICERS
## 
### 
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
Ted Ballard, president; Mike
Malt/., secreary; Ken Falter,
treasure]'; Jim Seebold, athletic
chairman; Pete Rauer, Dick Moss
and Lew Parker, social chairmen.
