# AIR AMBULANCE SENT TO SWEDEN
## 
### 

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.

FIRST OF THREE for the Royal Swedish Air Force, (his Bcechcrafl twin-engined ambulance plane ordered
hy the Swedish government was down to New York from Wichita, Kan., where it was built. Il will he
crated and shipped to Sweden.
