# That's Right
## 
### 
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
Said the Governor of North Carolina to the Governor
of South Carolina, "It's a long time between drinks."
