# Palo Alto Exchange Club Visits Engineering Labs
## 
### 
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
Following a dinner in the Union
Tuesday night, members of the Palo
Alio Exchange Clirb visited (he en
gineering laboratories, at each of
which a brief explanatory talk was
made of (he work done.
The laboratories visited and the
names of Ihe respective speakers
were: Mining department, Professor i
F. G. Tickell; aerodynamics, Pro- j
fessor E. P. Lesley; machine shops j
and testing laboratories, Professor]
A. li. Domonoske; vibration labors- ;
lory. Professor L. S. Jacobscn.
