# Another Case of Measles.
## 
### 
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
L. E. McDougald. '11, has been con
fined to his home in Belmont for the
past few days with an attack of the
measles. The latest sufferer Is a
member of the Chi Psi fraternity,
and it is presumed that he acquired
the disease through contact with R.
E. Sanborn, a member of the same
fraternity.
