# Senior Smoker Postponed.
## 
### 
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
Owing to threatening weather the
committee in charge of the Senior
smoker has decided to postpone the
affair until Wednesday evening. March
23. The Junior W r eek program makes
it impossible to choose another date
this week, and the event was there
fore scheduled for the first available
evening of next week. Further an
nouncement as to the details of the
evening will be made later.
