# CREW
## MAY CALL OFF RACE Will Telegraph Manager Behrens To Cancel Second Row With Washington 
### 
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
Crew men met today and decided to
telegraph Graduate Manager E. C.
Behrens, who left this morning to at
tend the Northwest Athletic Confer
ence at Portland, to call off the sec
ond race with Washington if possible.
The reason for this decision is that
it would prolong the period of train
ing too near to final examinations, and
because of the early date set for the
regatta at Pouglikeepsie. The first
race will take place in Washington
April S, the last day of spring vaca
tion. If Washington accepts this plan
it will mean no crew .race on the
Oakland estuary.
It is possible that California will
compete in the race held in Washing
ton.
W. H. Bloeser, '10, who leaves for
the east December 10, is to see to the
shipment of the shell which it was
thought advisable to store at, the Co
lumbia boat house after the Pough
keepsie regatta. It will probably ar
rive by the first of the next semester
via the Panama Canal.
The shell is to be newly equipped
with aluminum oars which are hollow
and made in four pieceß. It is hoped
that a new coaching launch may be
procured for use this spring on the
estuary at Redwood.
