# Club House Benefit Yields Hundred and Fifty Dollars
## 
### 
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
Funds for the Women's Club House
were swelled considerably by returns
from the dance given by members of
Cap and Gown in the Club House last
Saturday evening. Kegley's orchestra
furnished music for those who wished
to dance, and card games were in
dulged in in the parlor by the fifty
elder persons who attended. Candy,
donated by the campus sororities, and
ice cream sales added considerably to
the proceeds.
