# G.A. Kughen, ex-'l7 Called by Death in Los Angeles
## 
### 
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
Glenn O. Knghen, ex-'l7, died
Thursday, at his home in Los An
geles. Kughen was transferred to
Stanford from the University of Cali
fornia in September, 1915, register
ing in Mechanical Engineering. Duo
to illness, he took out leave of ab
sence last. December. Kughen made
his residence at Alvarado Hall. The
funeral was held today.
