# Alumnus Named To Chrysler Post
## 
### 
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
James W. Craft, alumnus of the
Stanford mechanical engineering
department, has been named di
rector of organization for Chrys
ler Corporation, the company an
nounced.
Craft is a member of the En
gineering Society of Detroit, Am
erican Society of Mechanical En
gineers, the National Assn. of
Accountants and the Institute of
the Aeronautical Sciences.
