# Off-Campus Club
## 
### 
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
Off-Campus Club will hold a
meeting at 12 noon Dec. 8 in the
Off-Campus Club lounge for adop
tion of a constitution. All active
members have been asked to at
tend.
