# Boxers Strong
## 
### 
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
Stanford boxers look to a suc
cessful season this year, as they
have many veterans returning.
Bill Vaughey at IGS pounds and
heavyweight Trev Grimm are re
turnees who expect to help the
team.
