# Park Landscaping to Follow Color-Coordinated Scheme
## 
### 
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
I Planting of street trees and
landscaping of the park in the
Stanford University Pine Hill liv
ing area will begin early next
spring, Kldridge T. Spencer, di
lector of planning announced.
Phois for the project by Lands
cape Architect Ceraldine Knight
Scott of Berkeley have been ap
proved by the University's Board
; of Trustees. Mrs. Scott's plan

rails for a variety of colors and
types of trees that will afford a
a variety of coloring both in the
fall and spring. Home owners will
try to coordinate their home land
scaping plans with the one-acre
park, locatecj between Alvarado
How and Rsplanda Way.
The lawn in the park will be
planted this fall, followed in the
spring by nine 15-year-old live
oaks from the University nursery.
The second Pine Hill phase will
involve the development of the
slopes of the hill into UK) home
sights, the crown of the hill being
developed into a six-acre park.
The focal point will be a Douglas
fir, to serve as a Christmas tree.
