# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
Delta Chi announces the engage
mcnt of Skip Newhall, '(JO, to Dor
othy Jackson, '58.
