# Beutelsbach Change Due
## 
### 
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
Stanford's second contingent of
students, including 30 women and
33 men. will leave San Francisco
International Airport .for Stutt
gart, (Jermany, on Dec. 30. Their
plane will take the route over the
North Pole, stopping only once for
refueling at Frobisher Bay, Baffin
Island.
Deadline on applications for the
Stuttgart summer-fall session of
1959 is Dec. 8 at the Registrar's
Office.
The Stanford campus lies 12
miles from Stuttgart just outside
the village of Beutelsbach, on a
30-acre estate called LandgutbUrg.
The new group i-s expected to ar
rive in time for a New Year's Eve
celebration.
The students, who will spend
the next two terms on the self
governed auxiliary campus, will
replace a like number of "found
ing" students who began studies
there last June 30.
