# TENNIS TOURNAMENT DRAWINGS ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The drawings for the women's spring
tennis tournament have been completed,
and the first matches between the fol
lowing women should be played off this
week: Juniors, Hester Proctor vs. Elsie
Lester; Myra Waterman vs. F orence
Lorimer; Persis Hyatt vs. Muriel Pease;
Ruth Jones, no draw. Sophomores:
Ruth Meissner vs. Helen Watts* Jean
nette Booksin vs. Tmogene Aten ; Fran
cis Ward vs. Marjorie Grant; Gertrude
Billings, Marcellus Davis. Marian Ech
ols, Bertha Vaughan, and Barbara Loom
is, no draw. Freshmen, Margaret Jack
son vs. Francis Fish; Altharetta Frank
lin, Mildred Waller, and Ruth Stevens,
no draw.
The women who did not draw oppo
nents for the first match will draw from
the winners of the match and will play
off their games next week.
