# Vots' Representative Plans Visit Tomorrow
## 
### 
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
R. A. Gilmore, field representative
for California Department of Vet
erans Affairs, will be on campus to
morrow. Veterans may discuss
benefits with him at the Veterans'
Records office, Building 100, Room
102-J, from 10 to 12 a.m. and 1 to
2 p.m.
