# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Aiken, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., announce the
engagement of their daughter, Car
olyn, '5'J, to Arthur William Rogers,
graduate student, in aeronautical
engineering.
