# Foilers Take Far Western Laurels
## 
### 
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
A trio of Stanford foiling masters
triumphed over Pomona, University
of California, and San Francisco
State to capture the Far We.stern
Intercollegiate Foil Matches last
Saturday here in the Encina Gym
nasium. -1
The team — Delawar Bearakat,
Carl Walter, and Ralph Amada —
accumulated 15 points, achieved by
beating at least two teams in two
of three matches.
Following the meet, the contest
ants engaged in individual compe
tition with Jack Anderson, S.F.
State, capturing top honors; Thor
ton Garret, Stanford, runner-up;
and Ralph Amado, Stanford, third, j
