# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
BALL PLAYERS!
A
Home Run
is easy with equipment purchased
at the
ENCINA GYM STORE
I
Reduced Prices to Students,
Faculty and Campus
Residents
