# Chemistry Department Constructs Centrifuge
## 
### 
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
Under the direction of Professors
Harry Morse and James Mcßain, of
the chemistry department, a centri
fuge capable of developing a force
500,000 times greater than gravity
and traveling at 120,000 revolutions
per minute has been constructed at
the University this quarter.
Although it is still in the experi
mental stage, the centrifuge devel
ops a force greater than any yet
obtained in a laboratory in this
country.
The apparatus was all built here,
costing only about thirty dollars as
compared with $40,000 for an oil -
driven centrifuge in use in Sweden,
which does not develop so much
force.
Professor Mcßain plans to use the.
machine in (he study of colloidal
chemistry, and some experiments
have already been carried out by
Professor Morse relative to the
crystal structure of various metals
when subjected to strong centrifugal
force.
