# Educators Report On Sacramento Meeting
## 
### 
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
Preparation of a report on the
points of agreement in the Carnegie
Survey on Higher Education in
California which may be incorpor
ated into a legislative program will
be the next step in the work on this
survey, according to Drs. Walter C.
Eells, William M. Proctor, and
Grayson N. Kcfauver of the School
of Education who have just returned
from a conference on Ihe report in
Sacramento.
