# New Kansas Coach
## 
### 

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)

Adrian C. l-indsey (above), for
er head football coach at the
niversity of Oklahoma, has been
imed to the same post at the Uni
•rsity of Kansas, succeeding Bill
argiss. (Associated Press Photo)
