# STILL THREAT TO OPPOSING ELEVENS
## 
### 

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)

Although beaten in a last minute upset by the Uclans, Oregon still
looms as a menace to championship hopes of Coast Conference teams
and St. Mary's of California which it meets Thanksgiving Day. Speedy
Mark Temple is one of the Webfoot backfield stars, while Captain
Morgan is highly respected at tackle. (Associated Press Photos)
