# Sports Action
## 
### 
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
In other sports events this
weekend the varsity swimmers
meet California in the Kncina
Pool tomorrow at 2 p.m. The Card
Frosh take oil the Cal t'rosh to
morrow at 2 o'clock in the Kneina
Pool.
Tlie gymnastic team meets Sac
ramento State at Sacramento to
night at 7:30.
Tlie Stanford golfers meet the
Peninsula (Jolt Club today at 1
o'clock on the Stanford Golf
Course.
