# DEAN YOST AT HOME
## 
### 
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
Dean Yost will be at home to all
Stanford students at 534 Lasuen this
afternoon from 4 to 6 o'clock. She
plans to have open house every Wed
nesday, as she has been doing in past
quarters.
