# CARD FOILSMEN WILL ENCOUNTER U.C. TEAM AT BERKELEY FRIDAY
## 
### 
Fencers from Stanford will cross
swords with U.C. at Harmon Gym Fri
day, Coach Bugge announced last
night. Captain Jack Snyder, Joe Pol
verino, Fred Pearman, Fletcher But
ton, and Tom Henry will compose the
Stanford squad, and with the sole ex
ception of Pearman who fenced for
the frosh last year, all the men are
veterans.
The match will be one of a series of
three for the Heron Cup which teams
of the Olympic Club, Stanford, and
the University compete for each fall.
Last year the trophy was won by the
Olympic Club. Since U.C. is entering
two teams, an additional match will
be necessitated this year.
Following the meet Friday, matches
with the Olympic Club and the Cali
fornia second team will be arranged.
These meets are a regular part of the
autumn quarter fencing schceduie, and
the regular intercollegiate matches
with U.C. take place winter quarter.
There is still an opportunity for new
talent to enroll in fencing.
