# Rumanian Regent
## 
### 

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.

Associated Press Photo
Constantin Saratzeanon, new re
gent of Rumania, is head of the
government under Queen Marie
and the young King Michael.
