# FROSH JOLLY-UP TONIGHT
## 
### 
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
Plans have been completed for the
freshman jolly-up to be held tonight
at Roble Hall from seven to eight
o'clock. A campus orchestra lias been
engaged, and it is earnestly desired
by the committee in charge that as
many as possible attend iu order to
foster class unity.
