# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
"Ed's Co-ed," an Oregon movie with
only campus talent, will receive its
world premier showing at the Univer
sity of Oregon's Homecoming, No
vember Ist.
