# Theta Sigma Phi To Hold Opening Meeting Thursday
## 
### 
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
The first meeting this year of Theta
Sigma Phi, women's journalistic sor
ority, will be held Thursday at 5:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse,
Phoebe Plate, president, announced
yesterday.
Plans will be discussed for raising
money for the club scholarship, which
was given this year for the first time.
Tea will be served.
