# Dr. C.D. Mosher Entertains Stanford Women At Home
## 
### 
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
Dr. Clelia D. Mosher, retired medi
cal adviser to women, entertained a
number of Stanford women at her first
regular open house yesterday after
noon at her home on Faculty Hill.
These Tuesday "at homes" are to be
repeated each week, says Dr. Mosher,
who wishes all women students to
come whenever it is possible in order
that she may keep in touch with
Stanford women.
