# Adv. 13 Page 7
## 
### 
for two fluent 8 yr olds. Twice
per wk. Teaching exp +. Close by
orAlmaSt lasbrtsass@aol.com
Wanted: elec guitar lessons (esp
rock & blues) for beg adult near
campus. Call Gwen: 650-245-1072
Earn $500 CASHI
Sell Your Admission Essays!
www.EssayMatch.com
for two fluent 8 yr olds. Twice
per wk. Teaching exp +. Close by
orAlmaSt lasbrtsass@aol.com
Wanted: elec guitar lessons (esp
rock & blues) for beg adult near
campus. Call Gwen: 650-245-1072
Earn $500 CASHI
Sell Your Admission Essays!
www.EssayMatch.com
for two fluent 8 yr olds. Twice
per wk. Teaching exp +. Close by
orAlmaSt lasbrtsass@aol.com
Wanted: elec guitar lessons (esp
rock & blues) for beg adult near
campus. Call Gwen: 650-245-1072
Earn $500 CASHI
Sell Your Admission Essays!
www.EssayMatch.com
for two fluent 8 yr olds. Twice
per wk. Teaching exp +. Close by
orAlmaSt lasbrtsass@aol.com
Wanted: elec guitar lessons (esp
rock & blues) for beg adult near
campus. Call Gwen: 650-245-1072
Earn $500 CASHI
Sell Your Admission Essays!
www.EssayMatch.com
for two fluent 8 yr olds. Twice
per wk. Teaching exp +. Close by
orAlmaSt lasbrtsass@aol.com
Wanted: elec guitar lessons (esp
rock & blues) for beg adult near
campus. Call Gwen: 650-245-1072
Earn $500 CASHI
Sell Your Admission Essays!
www.EssayMatch.com
for two fluent 8 yr olds. Twice
per wk. Teaching exp +. Close by
orAlmaSt lasbrtsass@aol.com
Wanted: elec guitar lessons (esp
rock & blues) for beg adult near
campus. Call Gwen: 650-245-1072
Earn $500 CASHI
Sell Your Admission Essays!
www.EssayMatch.com
