# MEYER STILL HAS LICENSE.
## President Jordan States Objections to Supervisors, but they Take No Action. 
### 
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
President Jordan appeared before
the Board of Supervisors of San Ma
teo County, at Redwood City this
afternoon, in response to their sum
mons to bring specific charges
against Charles Meyer, proprietor of
a Menlo Park saloon, against which
the President had written a letter
of complaint some time ago. At the
meeting this afternoon Dr. Jordan
brought forth no specific charges but
he stated that the presence of such
a. saloon at, Menlo Park was detri
mental to the best interests of the
University and exercised a bad influ
ence upon the students who came in
contact with the place. The Super
visors took no action on the com
plaint as Meyer defended his place
and the Board decided that the
charges against the place were too
geenral, so the license was not re
voked.
D. C. Boyd, '08. and H. C. Green,
'OS, also appeared with President
Jordan in making the protest against
Meyer's place, as did several prom
inent people from Palo Alto.
