# Choir Gives Effective Selections
## 
### 
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
At the regular Sunday services the
University choir rendered the first
number of a cantata by Mendelssohn,
entitled "Come let us sing," consist
ing of solo and chorus. Miss Jo
hanne T. Johnson sang the solo with
fine effect, and was ably supported
by the chorus. Messrs. Rand, Mc-
Nulty, and Atkinsons added much to
the services by their rendition of
a trio upon the text, "To thee, O
loving Father,' the music of which
is by Verdi.
