# U. S. C. GAME TICKETS GO ON SALE TOMORROW
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
Rooters' tickets for the U. S. C.
basketball games will be sold in
the Administration building to
morrow from 1:30 to 5:30. Price
for each ticket will be 25 cents
with student body cards.
Each student who expects to
attend either of the U. S. C.
games must secure his ticket at
the rooters' sale tomorrow or
take a chance of getting a ticket
at the full price of 75 cents at
the general sale upstairs in the
Administration building, Wednes
day and Thursday.
