# McGee-Pigott Engagement
## 
### 
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
Paul Pigott, '23, and Theiline Mc-
Gee, ex-'25, have announced their be
trothal. Miss McGee is a member of
the Delta Gamma sorority. She at
tended Stanford last winter and spring
quarters and had a part in the Junior
opera. Pigott belongs to Phi Delta
Theta and is at pres-ent employed by
the Pacific Steel Company of Seattle,
Washington. Pigott was a strong con
tender on the 1923 varsity basketball
squad.
* * *
