# ANOTHER VIEWPOINT
## 
### 
The Band has no place to practice
at present; there is no room large
enough which can be spared for this
purpose. It is suggested to us that we
shall have to provide a place for our
selves; so we are considering purchas
ing a second-hand circus tent and
pitching it on the south side of the
library where we should want to leave
it till the end of the spring quarter.
We shall probably have to store our
instruments in the Hoover War Li
brary.
Now this viewpoint is to sound out
the student body in advance and to
determine just how this tent will be
tolerated. It has red stripes which,
though faded by age, will blend fairly
well into the traditional color scheme.
We shall be interested to know the
opinions of different individuals on
this matter, because we should not
like to be obliged to move it after it
is located. It is annoying to be dis
turbed in the midst of a quarter's
practice. We invite constructive criti
cism.â€”A Member of the Band.

The first paper mill in America was
opened near Philadelphia in 1690. The
paper-making was done by hand, and
until 1756, when the pulp -engine was
introduced from Holland, the rags
continued to be beaten into pulp by
hand.
