# LIBRARY OF COUNT BALLORE ADDED TO GEOLOGY COLLECTION
## 
### 
The seismological library of Count
Ferdinand Montessus dc Ballore has
been added to the earthquake collection
of the Branner Geological library. Con
taining nearly 200 volumes, 2,000 pamph
lets, 60 boxes of observatory publica
tions, and many packages of newspaper
and magazine clippings, this library was
secured by the University through the
efforts of the late Dr. Brainier in 1920,
and has been in process of cataloguing
ever since. The great diversity of
twenty-one different languages has pre
vented its installation in the Branner
Geological library before this quarter.
Count Montessus de Ballore, a French
man, who devoted his entire life to the
study of earthquakes and whose pub
lished works constitute the most com
prehensive and important contribution
to the science in any language, was the
head of the Chilean Earthquake Service
from 1906 until his death, in January,
1923. Due to this international reputa
tion, the authors of most writings on
earthquakes sent copies of their work to
Count Montessus de Ballore.
Dr. J. C. Hranner, founder of the
Geological department, laid the founda
tion of the collection of works relating
to earthquakes now contained in the
Branner Geological library. Dr. Branner
was one of the founders of the Seismo
logical Society of America, whose head
quarters from the beginning have been
at Stanford. The earthquake collection
now located in the Branner Geological
library is the only one of its size and
kind in the world today.

A Polish students' club is being or
ganized at the University of Michigan
