# Polish Study Deadline Near
## 
### 
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
Jan. 15 is the deadline lor
scholarship applications to the
Institute of International Educa
tion for study at Polish univer
sities during 1960-61.
Approximately 19 awards are
given, providing for tuition, living
accommodations, medical care
and an adequate monthly mainte
nance allowance. Students should
consult their Fulbright advisor
for information and applications.
Elsewhere on the scholarship
front, a research studentship at
Trinity College, Cambridge, Eng.,
is offered to graduate men under
26 who wish to earn a Ph.D. at
Cambridge. Applications are to
be in by April 1.
The Yale Graduate School an
nounces scholarships leading to
the M.A. in education. All candi
dates must be able to meet the
regular requirements for admis
sion to the Graduate School and
apply by Feb. 1.
