# LASSU WEEKEND
## Hostel Airs Problems Of Students 
### Dallas Young 
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
A series of discussions aimed at
promoting better understanding
between the University adminis
tration and the Legislature high
lighted the annual LASSU Hostel
held last weekend at Hot Springs
Lodge near Big Sur.
Sixteen LASSU members and
student body officers accompan
ied by Dean H. Donald Winbigler
and Fredrick Glover, executive
assistant to the president, spent
the weekend exploring the many
problems which confront Legis
lature, especially those arising
from the lack of communication
between LASSU and the student
body.
Since ideas, requests, sugges
tions and questions do not flow
freely between LASSU and stu
dent body members. LASSU feels
its potential is not being used.
Students Compared
Dean Winbigler opened the
hostel Friday night with a com
parison of today's American col
lege students with those of a
generation ago. He feels students
today take a more frank outlook
on life, although he does not
think they are sure what their
needs are.
He suggested that modern stu
dents are too tolerant of harmful
or wrong actions by other stu
dents. He pointed out the lack of
responsibility on the part of the
whole student body in supporting
the Honor Code.
Winbigler sugested that stu
dents today differ from those of
yesterday partially because to
day's students have economic
security and political insecurity,
and students of a generation ago
were in the opposite situation.
The Dean feels that students need
a greater blending of social and
academic activities in a univer
sity.
Common Problems
Saturday morning Don Han
sen. Men's Row Representative,
led a discussion of common prob
lems of individual Stanford stu
dents and practical steps LASSU
could take to help solve them.
The group discussed the ad
visor system, senior eolloquia,
finding and founding a hostel site
for use by the entire student
body, bicycle safety, mid-year
transfer student orientation, the
liquor problem, the Honor Code
and Fundamental Standard.
Saturday evening Glover spoke
about the administration's con
cern over student toleration of
Honor Code violations and excess
drinking.
