# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
Does Speed
Mean
Anything
To You?
If it does you'll like
Hastings for at Hastings
you can buy a Society
Brand suit as late as 2
o'clock in the afternoon
and take it home with
you the same day all
fitted and altered ready
to wear.
How's that for speed?
Established 1854 /
Tost at Kearny
San Francisco
Largest Stock of Society
Brand Clothes in the West
