# HONOR STUDENTS SEGREGATED
## 
### 
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
Names of honor students at the Uni
versity of California will be listed
apart from other students in the next
university catalogue, as a means of
encouraging greater scholastic achieve
ment.
