# BONHARD RECOVERS
## 
### 
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
Florence Bonhard, '18, is again
teaching in the Inglewood high school.
She is just recovering from an appen
dicitis operation.
