# Additional Mosaics for Church.
## 
### 
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
The mosaics on the wall below

the organ loft of the Church,
termed "The Christo," will be fin
ished Friday. Work will then be
commenced on the biblical subjects,
"Adam and Eve" and"The Reve
lation," the former to be placed on
the blank arch above the east ves
tibule, the latter above the corre
sponding vestibule at the west en
trance. The mosaics will be fin
ished late in November.
