# Academic Football.
## 
### 
On the Hoitt's School gridiron
last Saturday the team from the
State Normal School at San Jose
was defeated by the Hoitt's, 41-0.
The lack of team-work and slow in
terference on the part of the Gar
den City lads was responsible for
the large score. Hoitt's bucked
the line for many gains and ran
the ends at will.
At San Jose the Belmont football
eleven and the Santa Clara College
team played each other to a stand
still, neither side being able to
score. Once Santa Clara forced the
ball to the five-yard line only to
lose it on a forward pass. At an
other time on the ten-yard line
they lost the ball on a fumble.
The same day the academy of
the University of the Pacific de
feated the plucky Palo Alto high
school team 11-6 on the College
Park grounds.
