# On Eastern Gridirons.
## 
### 
The football teams of the large
Eastern institutions are getting
down to business and already run
ning up large scores against their
smaller rivals. Last Saturday two
games resulted in the score of 43-0,
and three with that of 23-0. The
scores of the games played on Sat
urday follow: Cornell 43, Union 0;
Columbia 43, Rutgers 0; Princeton
23, Lehigh 0; Harvard 23, Hates 0;
Yale 23, Amherst 0; Pennsylvania
17, State College 0; West Point 5,
Tufts 0; Georgetown 5, Annapolis
0; Williams G, Hamilton 5; Vir
ginia 15, St. Albans 0; Wisconsin
25, Hyde Park 5; Chicago 5, Knox
0; Nebraska 10, Boulder 0; Minne
sota IG, Ames College 0; Univer
sity of Cincinnati 18, Hanover Col
lege 0. In former games this sea
son Lehigh was defeated by Penn
sylvania 12-0; Wesleyan won from
Boston College 16-0; Cornell beat
Colgate 5-0; and Michigan ran up
74 points against 0 for Albion Col
lege.
