# Adv. 9 Page 9
## 
### 
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rt_photog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rt_photog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rt_photog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rt_photog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rt_photog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal .net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
Expert editing: reports, papers,
dissertations. Stanford Ph.D.
Specialties: biomed, humanities.
Email nmedits@gmail.com
Write Strongly! Good-humored,
patient Marshall Scholar Ph.D.
can help with writing projects
great & small. Stanford refs.
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
ATHLETES WANTED paid $50/ hr.
SF photographer looking for
portrait subjects. Send pics to
rt_photog@yahoo.com
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
