# Bill Graham proposes Kennedy meeting
## 
### DANNY PEARL 
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
Concert promoter Bill Graham has
proposed a meeting with University
President Donald Kennedy to discuss
concerts on campus, but representa
tives of Graham's concert produc
tion company and the University
disagree about whether such a
meeting will actually take place.
Danny Scher. a spokesman for Bill
Graham Presents, said. "There is a
plan for a meeting" between Ken
nedy and Graham. But Scher refused
to say when the meeting would take
place.
Bob Hamrdla. assistant to the
president, confirmed that Bill
Graham has requested a direct

meeting, hut he added. "President
Kennedy has not responded yet. and
the meeting is by no means a cer
tainty." According to Hamrdla, Ken
nedy is currently consulting his staff
to determine if a direct meeting
would he advisable.
Neither Scher nor Hamrdla would
comment on what the focus or spe
cific purpose of a direct meeting
would be. though Scher said the Uni
versity has to "streamline the bu
reaucracy" if students want more
concerts on campus.
Scher requested the meeting three
weeks ago through Council-of-
Presidents member Vinnie Freda,
who would participate in the

meeting. "Bill Graham wants to
assure Donald Kennedy that Bill
Graham's being on campus will not
disrupt the University." Freda said.
Freda said the University does not
like the idea of having rock concerts
on campus and is concerned about
possible damage to Frost Amphi
theater if too many shows are held
there.
According to Freda, there is a con
nection between the proposed
meeting and the new charter in that
almost all shows in Frost would be
produced through Bill Graham.
Evaluation Committee member
Ellen Oppenheim, director of Tresid
der Union, said a meeting between

Kennedy and Graham would be
premature. "I would hope that the
University would have a ehanee to
review the (evaluation committee's)
proposal before Bill Graham got in
volved in the issue," she said.
If a meeting between Graham and
Kennedy materializes, it would be
the first time the two meet to dis
cuss campus concerts.
Scher said the Bill Graham organi
zation has wanted to meet with
Kennedv for a long time hut hasn't
wanted to circumvent the student
body.
"We've been talking about it tor
months," he said. Scher also said a
meeting has been proposed before.
