# STUDENTS AT O.A.C. TO ATTEND DANCE IN VEHICLES
## 
### 
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
OREGON AGRICULTURAL COL
LEGE—Wheelbarrows are at a prem
ium and kiddie kars have disappeared
entirely from the market as a result
of the announcement that seniors at- 1
tending the Goof dance given recently

on the campus would be expected to
some on wheeled vehicles, Tricycles
and coaster wagons are also in great
demand, and it is reported that moth
ers have admonished their children in
off the sidewalks at the approach of a
group of seniors.
