# MUSIC CLUB HEARS PROGRAM ON DEBUSSY
## 
### 
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
A description of the life and work of
Claude Debussy, French musician, was
given by Eljah Barricklow, '24, at the
Music Club meeting yesterday evening.
Miss Barricklow pointed out the un
usualness of Debussy's style and his mod
ernistic tendencies. Meribeth Cameron,
'25, and Marjorie McDonald. '24, gave
Debussy numbers, which illustrated some
of the composer's characteristics.
The possibilities of a joint concert by
the musical organizations on the campus
for the purpose of raising money to buj.
a new piano for the Assembly hall was
discussed.
