# Tickets Available For Spring Show
## 
### 
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
Block ticket sales for the
Spring Show "Out of This World"
will continue until tomorrow.
tinder the block-ticket arrange
ment any living group may pur
chase 20 or more tickets for the
Wednesday or Thursday shows
and a 10 per cent rebate will be
given after the performance.
Single tickets are also being
sold at Memorial Auditorium box
office. Prices are $1, $1.25 and
SI .50.
The Cole Porter musical will be
presented May 15 to 18 in Memo
rial Auditorium.
