# Stanford Golfers Tee Off at PCI
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
Stanford's varsity links squad
begins its campaign for the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Championship today at Pa
satiempo in Santa Cruz. The
tournament runs through Satur
day.
Last year the Indians finished
third behind defending champion
Fresno State and Seattle Univer
sity.
Seattle U.'s Gordon Mackenzie
will be on hand to defend his sin
gles championship.
Coach Bud Finger took Alf
Burtleson, Dick Albers, Dick
Walker, Ron Luceti, Bill Seanor,
Bernie Magnussen and Lawrence
Reich on the trip for the varsity.
SU's undefeated, untied fresh
man team consists of Mike Shan
ahan, Russ Coombs, Phil Under
wood, Lee McGuire, Kent Frates
and Steven Smith.
This year's tournament will
draw some 138 golfers from 21
schools, including, for the first
time, the northern division
schools of the Pacific Coast Con
ference.
