# LAW REVIEW
## 
### 
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
Officers of Volume 10, Stanford
Law Review: Richard Mansfield,
president: Charles Page, manag
ing editor; William Van Alstyne,
article and book review editor;
Russell Johnson and Donald Pe
troni, note editors; Allyn Kreps,
comment editor; Thomas Griesa,
Anne von der Lieth and Keith
Pursel, revising editors.
