# BEAR AND CARDINAL BABES WILL MEET IN TENNIS MATCHES
## 
### 
Bruin fur and Cardinal scalps should
fly tomorrow afternoon, when the
Stanford freshman tennis team tackles
the California first year men on the
Bruin courts. To all outward appear
ances the two teams are about evenly
matched.
Although the Stanford first year
men have been greatly handicapped by
the heavy rainfall lately, they will be
in the prime of condition for the
matches tomorrow afternoon. Reports
from Berkeley are to the effect that
the California Cubs will be in equally
good shape.
The 192 C team has rolled up an en
viable record this year, not having
tasted defeat. The playing, while not
brilliant, has been steady and consist
ent. Captain Coffin, McCleave, Fair
child, and Ogden present a well-round
ed team.
Across the bay is another steady
team in Chandler, Straus, Burk, and
Jenkins of California. These men have
also held all comers.
