# NEW ENDOWMENT FUND ESTABLISHED BY GIFT
## 
### 
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
Stanford University has received a
gift of $750 through Dr. Louise B.
Deal, of San Froncisco. representing
the California Organization for Feder
al Recognition of Women Physicians
and others, to establish an endowment
fund to be known as the Dr. Julia P.
Larson Memorial Section of the Lane
Medical Library of the Stanford Medi
cal School in San Francisco. The in
come of this fund is to be used for
the purchase of books, particularly
books and publications on anesthetics
and on the surgery of childhood.
The California Organization for
Federal Recognition of Women Phy
sicians is working to have women
physicians appointed to the United
States Public Health Service and
other official positions calling for
medical training. The fund was rais
ed by the women physicians of the
Pay cities, assisted by Swedish wom
en's organization, to represent them
for federal recognition during the
war.
