# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
DICK PALMER
is this weeks winner of
The Kceble Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the Oregon
Came.
David Keeble
323 University
