# DICTATORS MEET AT BRENNER PASS
## 
### 

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)

ONCE AGAIN, in flashy uniforms, Germany's Reichfuhrcr Adolph Hitler met Italy's II Duce, Benito Musso
lini, at Brenner Pass, where they conferred on axis strategy in the coming months. (Picture by radio from
Berlin)
