# FROSH LOSE WATER POLO
## 
### 
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
With only right days of practice
behind them. Stanford's frosh water
polo team lost to the Olympic Club's
third string varsity 14-5, yesterday
in the Encina Pool. Grant Cully
scored all five goals for the local
outfit.
