# U. S. PLANES AT MARTINIQUE
## 
### 

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.

CONTROVERSY BETWEEN (lie IT.l T . S. government and Fiance's Vichy
government over the disposition of these American-made planes which
were stranded al the French island of Martinique in the West Indies at
the time of the French collapse was reported to have neared settlement
after President Roosevelt conferred with Vichy's Ambassador Ilcnry-
Ifayc last week. The French plan to strengthen the island's fortifi
cations.
