# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
INFORMAL
clothes and atmosphere at Cant
erbury Fireside tonight. Come!
Records, refreshments. Pictures
of Honolulu Convention if you're
in the mood. Cars leave Post Of
fice 7:15.
Canterbury, 1176 Emerson, P.A.
