# Chief Davis Says: Stay Off Escondido
## 
### 
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
Police Chief Gordon Davis has
issued an appeal for residents of
Wilbur Hall to refrain from the use
of Escondido Road.
Davis said that students using the
road have torn out a number of
grading stakes, which have cost the
contractors $15 and more to replace.
He also announced that the new
entrances to the Toyon parking lot
will be completed in the next few
days. In the meantime, students are
allowed to leave the lot through the
Crothers corner.
