# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
Isolation Hospital—Dale Moody.
Palo Alto Hospital—Larry Eschel
man, Donald Crocker, Richard Wil
son.
Men's Rest Home — David Long,
Anthony Thomas, Fred Henderson.
Women's Kest Home—Sharon Geb
hardt, Beverly Hensing, Jeanne
Hotchkiss.
