# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Ann Ilagey, T><S, to
Troy Barbee, '59, Alpha Tan Ome
ga.
