# Brodie Triumphs In Norcal Golf
## 
### 
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
John Brodie, ex-Stanford qunr
terback and golf star, won the
53rd annual Northern California
Golf Tourney this last weekend.
Brodie, now a member of the
San Francisco 49ers, defeated
Tom Beck of Los Angeles on Sun
day, 5 and 4, to gain the cham
pionship.
On Saturday Brodie had elimi
nated Jack Bariteau while Beck
had ousted the tourney favorite,
Ed Castegnetti of San Francisco.
Brodie's best shot of the day
was registered on the 323-yard
15th hole when he sank a 40-foot
chip shot to give him an eagle
two.
