# Grants Awarded
## 
### 
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
Senior Wallace Honeywell and
junior Steve Halsted have been
awarded $1000 grants by the
Scott Paper Company for study
in chemistry and chemical engi
neering.
