# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Lloyd (6-3, 165-pound sopho
more from Vanocuver, 8.C.) is
the best middle distance runner
in Stanford history. Set school
record of 1:49.2 and 4:05.3 in
dual competition. His best race
is probably the 880; lacks ex
perience and confidence against
top milers. Can run any race
between 440 and two-mile. Ma
jor: Business Administration.

Hansen (6-'u, 166-pound sen
ior from Paso Robles) vied with
John Kelly most of the season
for the number one broad
jumping spot. Hansen usually
did his best in dual meets. Best
jump of the year was 24-I'/a.
Finished fourth in PCC cham
pionships at 23-7'-s. Won the
javelin in the Big Meet. Major:
Economics.


NORMAN LLOYD
Track


KENT HANSEN
Track
