# Cal Announces Citizenship Camp
## 
### 
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
The Encampment for Citizen
ship, a six-week camp combining
the study of current problems
with recreation, is being offered
from June 22 to Aug. 8 at the
University of California Interna
tional House. Its goal is "to de
velop well - informed citizens
equipped with practical tech
niques for community and politi
cal action," and the program con
sists of lectures, seminars and
field trips. Authorities and lead
ers in government, social welfare,
labor and management are guest
lecturers.
The group will represent a wide
range of economic, racial, social
and religious backgrounds, and it
usually includes teachers and stu
dents from more than 30 univer
sities throughout the nation and
many foreign students.
Scholarships for the encamp
ment are available, and students
wishing more information and
application blanks should contact
Annie Clo Watson, 2015 Steiner
St., San Francisco (JOrdan
7-6340), or Gary Bickel, Stanford
Economics Department (DA
3-83821.
