# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
Isolation Hospital: Evelyn
Dees, Martha Lynch, Keith Mil
ner, John Schoettler, Robert
West, Nancy Whyte.
Men's Rest Home: Vladimir
Lieszkowski, Robert Miller.
Palo Alto Hospital: Robert Al
len, Nick Gilman, Wilford God
bold, Lewis Mottley Jr., Donald
Murchison, Gerard Petrone, Wal
ter Radow, John Rubin, Mary
Vaiassopoulu, Newton Wach
horst.
