# "Sequoia."
## 
### 
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
The New Century number of the
Sequoia opens with a war story,
"To Finish Ahe's Fight." Prof.
Abbott begins the"Desert Island"
series of book articles, to be fol
lowed by others by members of the
faculty. "Inscribed to Dr. Angell"
isa cleverly told adventure in Ari
zona. Renaud's sonnet is exquis
itely done. The "Letter of Mark"
will be eagerly read by those who
have an interest in Shakspere's
"infant." Mr. McCray's article on
"Spanish in the Southwest" is of
especial interest to those who wish
to teach Spanish, or to go for com
mercial or other reasons to any of
our new possessions. "The Quails
of Gavitan," by Dane Coolidge,
'98, appears in the Graduate De
partment.
