# Quad Besieged
## 
### 
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
According to the almanac, j
the moon enters its full moon
phase tonight and may be ob
served as such from the
campus. Amateur astronomy
groups will wish to take note.
