# Annoying
## 
### 
This is not to say that Dichter
is not a talented or gifted young
artist, but rather to point out that
he possessed an annoying ten

dency to rush mechanically
through his passages. At times,
the concerto resembled a race to
the finish. Consequently, the or
chestra was often unable to keep
up.
Mahler was aware of his im
minent deatfy at the time that he
started his tenth symphony. The
composition, cut short by his
demise, and which was just
completed a few years ago by De
ryck Cooke, reflects Mahler's
tragic realization of his ominous
fate as well as his overwhelming
determination to live.
Despite noticeable intonation
problems among the string and
brass sections, the orchestra
communicated the composer's
confusion with sensitivity and
warmth. In contrast to the con
certo. Wyss guided the orchestra
through the occasionally dis
sonant and disjointed piece in a
relaxed and skillful fashion.
