# Adv. 18 Page 19
## 
### 
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
AUTOS
'93 TOYOTA Corolla DX Runs
great! CD/AC/sSpd. 75KMi. Excel,
cond! $6,5000b0. (650)854-2189
CHILDCARE
DRIVER-COMPANION Seeking
principled, energetic, upbeat
person to drive & companion 10
year old gifted girl to and from
camp & school, tutoring,
lessons, museums & other planned
activities. Exercise with her at
private club and assist with
homework. Must have genuine
interest in learning and
teaching. Permanent part-time
position Monday through Friday.
7:30 to 8:30 AM and then 3:00 to
7:00 PM. Fax (650)361-8244 or
email resume with cover letter:
iob@edaewoodassociates.com
MANDARIN-SPEAKING BABYSITTER
wanted for my 2 adopted Chinese
daughters ages 4 and 1. Mon and
Wed afternoons from 2:30 to
6:00. Call 723-4256.
DONORS WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to S6OO/month
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
More Info 324-1900 M-F 8-4PM
LOCAL COUPLE is offering very
significant compensation for
blonde, blue-eyed egg donor,
20-30. Help us to have a family.
Please, call 650-269-0683 to leave
a message.
