# Untitled Article
## 
### 

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.

KZSU STAFF members inflated publicity balloons yesterday in con
junction with the stations preparation for FM broadcasting. Monday
evening at 8:30 students and faculty are invited to join KZSU in
Memorial Hall for its Inaugural Broadcast. Those who are unable to
attend the live production can listen at 90.1 on their FM dial.
