# FAMILIAR TITLE
## 
### 
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
Marv Harris, co-captain and de
fensive standout on the 1963 foot
ball squad, was elected co-captain
of the West squad in the 1963
Shrine game.
