# Metallurgy Instructor Returns.
## 
### 
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
Instructor G. H. Clevenger, of the
Metallurgy department, has returned
to Stanford after a month of experi
mental work in Portland. Clevenger
left for Portland about September Ist,
in the service of the United States
Geological Survey and has been con
ducting experiments in the extraction
of iron from the black magnetic sands
found in that portion of the coast.
His experiments have thus far been
very successful.
