# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
—Stanley Smith, '03, Instructor
in the Romanic Languages depart
ment of Stanford for the past two
years, has entered the University
of Paris where he will spend two
years in the study of language-.
