# Conscience Adviser
## 
### 
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
Gabriel Almond, chairman of the
Political Science Department and
President of the American Political
Science Association, advises the Stan
ford executive committee of Con
science, not the national executive
committee, as was printed yestcrda\
in ihe Daily.
