# MURALS
## 
### 
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
X-COUNTRY
The X-Country meet will bo
hold this afternoon at 1:30 on
the Golf Course. Maps of the
course can bo obtained at the
Intramural Office.
MILLIARDS
7:00
Fijis vs. Phi Dolts
8:00
Betas vs. DU
ft: 00
Poke vs. Delta Chi
