# Gaieties Block Sale to End
## 
### 
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
Ram's Head will conclude the
Gaieties block ticket sale today.
Tickets arc still available at all
prices for the Nov. 16 and 17 per
formances. However, only 75-cent
block seats remain for the Nov. 18
and 19 shows.
Jim Boyle, who is in charge of the
block seats, said, "Money must be
turned in today for all block seats
sold so far. If the money is not re
ceived here today, the block seats
will be released for general sale."
"Block tickets," he added, "may be
picked up next week at the Ram's
Head ofiicc in Union, Monday,
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
from 2 to 3 p.m., or Tuesday from 3
to 4 p.m."
General tickets will go on sale
Monday at Engineering Corner, the
Memorial Auditorium box office,
and at the Peninsula Box Office in
Palo Alto.
Prices arc 75 cents, $1, and $1.25.
Gaieties will run for four days
beginning Nov. 16. This year's cur
tain time is 9:15 p.m.
