# GORDON DAVIS LEAVES TO STUDY THEATRICAL PRODUCTIONS ABROAD
## 
### 
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
Gordon Davis, who left Stanford
near the end of summer quarter,
sailed from New York Friday night to
study theatrical production in Eng
land.
Davis will go to London first, and
then plans to visit Paris, Berlin,
Vienna, and other European cities re
maining on the continent until next
summer.
Before leavig this country, Davis
directed for Jessie Bonstelle in De
troit for several weeks and spent
some time in Louisville, Kentucky,
with Lester Vail, '22, who is playing
stock in that city.
