# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
University of Alabama has let a
contract for the lirst strictly com- i
merce building in the South.
