# Stanford Alumni in National Guard.
## 
### 
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
Company A of the Seventh Regi
ment of Infantry N. G. C. at Los

Angeles was recently awarded a
handsome Bilver trophy in a com
petitive prize drill, for being the
best-drilled organization in a bat
talion of four companies. This
company is peculiarly a Stanford
company, the captain being A. J.
Copp, Jr., '02, and F. B. Braden,
'00, second lieutenant. Other
Stanford members are M. Palen,
ex-'O4, 0. S. Lousley, '05, and A. E.
Preston, '05.
