# Chicago to Play "Socker" Football
## 
### 
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
Mr. J. C. Purcell, captain of the
all-England association football
team in 1897, and late coach of
Harvard in this sport, has been en
gaged by the University of Chicago
to organize and coach a "socker"
team.
