# Board to Decide On Rushing Party
## 
### 
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
Enforcement of the new winter
quarter rushing plan will be the
main problem confronting the Stan
ford Interfraternity Board in its
meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Chi
Psi house.
Technically, the board still has to
pass on the plan itself but in view
of the plan's unanimous acceptance
by the Interfraternity Council Tues
day, this will only be a formality,
according to President Jim Haugh.
Enforcement Ir, the big problem.
"We will guarantee to punish viola
tions strictly," said Haugh at the
conclusion of Tuesday's session.
