# BEARS TO GIVE BAND CONCERT IN STADIUM
## 
### 
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
The California Band will make its
entry into the stadium tomorrow at 1
o'clock and play a 45-minute concert
in front of the California rooting sec
tion, according to an announcement
made today by the graduate manager's
office.
Three overtures and three marches
will be played by the Blue and Gold
band in order to entertain fans in the
stadium who have entered early in
order to avoid traffic. Sixty members
now compose the California organiza
tion which has been enlarged this year
from a membership of 43 pieces.
Stanford's band, equipped in the new
uniforms which will arrive from the
city this afternoon, will enter the sta
dium at 1:50 o'clock. New uniforms to
outfit the 98 members of the band have
been purchased by the Board of Con
trol for the Big Game. The Stanford
organization is now among the largest
intercollegiate bands of the United
States.
