# Some of Andy Smith's Finds
## 
### 
Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

Jimmy Doughery, left, an end, and A1 Young, backfield man, were considered some of Andy Smith's best in early season. Since
then Doughery has been declared ineligible. A1 Young will undoubtedly get a chance to go in at fullback tomorrow. All season
he has substituted for Jabs and has consistently battered through for gains.

