# BELGIUM PROFESSOR GIVES TALK MONDAY
## 
### 
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
Professor Paul De Reul of the Uni
versity of Brussels, Belgium, will give
lectures 011 "Swinburne" and "Shelley"
Monday afternoon and Tuesday even
ing in the Little Theatre. The lecture
on "Swinburne" will be given Monday
afteroon at 4:15, while the lecture on
"Shelley" will be the regular Tuesday
evening lecture.
Professor De Reul is the visiting pro
fessor in America for the year 1925-26
on the C.R.B. Educational Foundation.
He has just completed a group of lec
tures at the University of California,
where his talks met with great success.
His pronounciation of English is ex
cellent.
He is well fitted to lecture on the sub
jects he has chosen as he is Professor
of English Philology and History of
Modern I iterature in the University of
Brussels.
