# Adv. 33 Page 10
## 
### 
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
Mayfield
CREAMERY
offers you everything frorr
milkshakes and ice cream tc
delicatessen, groceries, anc
a lunch counter. Give us £
ring any time from 7:3 C
a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m
2269 El Camino
So. Palo Alto DA 2-8353
