# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
In 1939. first - quarter freshman
women were allowed a 2:30 late
leave every week.
