# STANFORD RALLY
## 
### 
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
The Stanford Club of New York,
New Jersey, and Connecticut will
ho'd a pre-Army game rally to
night at the Princeton-Dartmouth
Club. Coach Marchie Schwartz will
speak.
