# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
The following sophomores were
initiated into Scalpers' society
Thursday night:
Harry Shipkey.
A1 Smith.
Roland Hoffman.
George Roberts.
Norman Dole.
Gurdon Steele.
A1 Charles.
Charles Johnson.
Charles Beardsley.
Guy Dennis.
