# LECTURER WILL SPEAK ON INDIAN PROBLEMS
## 
### 
Mrs. Gertrude Bonnin (Princess Zit
kala-Sa of the Sioux Indian tribe) will
lecture this evening at 7 :30 in the Little
Theatre. Her subject will be the Ameri
can Indian. The substance of the lecture
will treat of the social and economic
needs of the modern Red Man and ti e
treatment which has been accorded him
at the hands of the United States gov
ernment.
The lecturer is the wife of Captain
Bonnin of Washington, D. C., who is ilso
a member of the Sioux tribe, and is a
relative of the famous Indian Chief Sit
ting Bull. She has come to the Pacific
Coast under the direction of the Indian
Board of Co-operation, an organization
which is urging Congress to enact the
California Indians' Court of Claims Bill
for the purpose of carrying out the prom
ises made by the United States to the
Indians in the treaties of 1851 and 1852.
In speaking of Mrs. Bonnin, who has
recently been lecturing in Southern Cali
fornia, the Los Angeles Times says:
"Her brilliant mind and wonderful spirit
enabled her to make such unusual prog
ress that in a much shorter time than is
usually required by the average American
girl she became an accomplished mu
sician, an eloquent speaker, and able to
take her place in the highest educational
environment."
Besides lecturing upon various subjects
which deal with the problems of the
American Indian, Mrs. Bonnin has writ
ten a number of articles on the same
topic for the current magazines. Among
these are a series on the "Life of the
Sioux," which appeared in the Atlantic
Monthly. The speaker will appe ir in her
native costume at the lecture this even
ing.
