# Oriental Wizards Will Aid Second Million With Baffling Magic Program
## 
### 
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
"Loong Fat, an Evening of Oriental
Conjuring Acts," is the way in which the
Chinese students at Stanford are billing
their performance to be given in the As
sembly hall on November 18, one week
before the Big Game, for the benefit of
the Second Million for Stanford endow
ment campaign.
Baffling Chinese magic, mysterious and
at the same time humorous, together with
Oriental music and folk dances, will com
prise the program, according to Hock
How, '25, and C. H. Lee, '23.
Both Hock and Lee have given magic
performances successfully in San Fran
cisco and Stockton vaudeville houses and
have also entertained at lodges and clubs.
S. F. Lee, a well-known Oriental mu
sician, who taught and conducted the Chi
nese Jazz Band which played at the Gold
en Gate Junior Orpheum last month, will
appear in person with several of his stu
dents. The band is now on tour to Chi
cago and New York.
