# Varsity Will Have Secret Practice.
## 
### 
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
The Varsity football squad will
practice behind closed gates for the
rest of the week. No one will be
admitted to the field until Satur
day, when the Varsity plays the
eleven from the University of
Southern California on the campus.
