# SOPHOMORES WILL MEET.
## President Issues Call for Class Meeting to Discuss Finances and Play. 
### 
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
The Sophomore class will hold a
meeting at 4:30 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon in room 200. Several
matters of interest will be consid
ered, chief among them ways and
means to replenish the class treas
ury. Many debts incurred last se
mester in outfitting the various ath
letic representatives of the class
remain to be paid, and since the
treasury is entirely empty it seems
that an individual assessment must
be levied.
The class play committee, ap
pointed early in the semester, will
also render a report on its work.
