# Presents Encina Club with Chart.
## 
### 
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
Archie Rice, '95, lias presented
the Encitia Club with a framed
chart of the Freshman game two
weeks ago, on which he traces every
play made during the entire game.
The chart is uniform with that of
last year's Varsity chart, which he
also made and presented to Encina
Club.
