# 1924 POLOISTS WIN INTERCLASS CONTEST
## 
### 
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
By a score of 7 to 2. the polo team of
the sophomore class decisively defeated
the 1922 team in the finals of the inter
class* competition. The seniors pre
viously defeated the juniors, and the
sophomores drew a bye on the first round
of play.
Though the score would not indicate
a close game, the match was spirited
throughout.
The in£erclass games were the only
outlet for the talent developed in readi
ness for the Oregon Aggie match which
was recently called off, and they made
up in interest any lack of outside com
petition.
