# DOPED TO WIN DOUBLES
## 
### 
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
AIJTEUIL, France, May 22. [ft*)
America's chances in the French
hard court doubles championships
increased today with the straight
set advance of Helen Wills Moody
and Elizabeth Ryan to the women's
seuii-linals and oi Bill Tilden and
Wilbur Coen to the men's quarter
final round.
