# SENIORS WIN FIRST CLASS TENNIS TILT
## 
### 
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
First blood in the senior-fresh
man interclass tennis matches went
to the fourth-year men yesterday
afternoon when Miller of the sen
iors took Mickle, frosh racquet
wielder, down the line in straight
sets, 6-1, 6-1. This tilt, which was
the third singles match, is the only
one of tiie meet, that has yet been
played. The remaining four en
counters are expected to he played
off today with the seniors heavy
favorites to win.
