# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
FOE RENT
FOR RENT—Attractive front room,
private home, $12. Transportation
mornings. 505 Princeton. Tel. 8040.
FOR RENT—Single furnished room
on campus for man. Furnace and
electric heat. Phone P.A. 8155.
FOR PENT — Kingscote Gardens,
Stanford Campus. Two,- three,-
and four-room completely fur
nished apartments. Stpam heat,
hot water, and Frigidaire equip
ment. Situated in beautiful park,
3 minutes from Quad. Phone P.A.
7116.
MISCELLANEOUS
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
DANCING
; DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave.
Call 3069. Private lessons by ap
pointment.
