# FRESHMAN DEBATE ASPIRANTS WANTED
## 
### 
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
All freshmen who desire to par
ticipate in the class interscholastic
debate season will meet in room 201
at 7 o'clock this evening, according
to Leon Carley, freshman forensic
coach.
At a previous meeting 20 freshmen
were in attendance, but it is not yet
too late for new men to come out
for the squad, Carley announces.
Tonight each speaker will give a
short talk on one of the major issues
of the question, "Resolved: That in
dividuals should attend junior col
lege before entering a university."
