# ANOTHER SHAMROCK WILL RACE FOR CUP
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
LONDON, Oct. 28 </l'>.-Sir Thomas
Lipton, entraining today for South
ampton tn take the Leviathan for
America, stated that he had deter
mined lo have another Shamrock
ready in two years to race for
America's cup. It will be one, he
said, that "will make the Ameri
cans sit up."
