# IOTA SIGMA PI
## 
### 
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
lota Sigma Pi, Women's National j
Honorary Chemistry Fraternity, i
will hold its second meeting of the
quarter tomorrow noon, in the'
Chemistry Building.
