# YOUNG FLIER TRIES FOR JUNIOR RECORD
## 
### 
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28 (/P).—Stanley
Boynton, 18-year-old Maine flier,
landed at Curtiss-Reynolds Airport
today at 2:30 o'clock after a brief
pause at the Chicago Municipal Air
port, where he arrived in 2 hours
and .'5O minutes flying time, from
Detroit. He is endeavoring to set a
new junior transcontinental flying
record.
