# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
Only two deaths from smallpox
occurred in North Carolina during
1929.
