# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Department of Economics is the
author of an article which appeared
recently in the Railway World, a
scientific weekly magazine pub
lished in Philadelphia. The sub
ject of the article, ''The Railway
Subsidy Policy of Canada," is in
line with a more exhaustive work
which Professor McLean will pub
lish in the near future.
