# Notice to Student Agents.
## 
### 
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
In view of certain abuses which
have come to the attention of the
authorities of the University in
connection with the placing of ad
vertisements and other matter re
lating to student publications in
San Francisco, it is hereafter re
quired that all agents of student
publications and student organiza
tions when working outside the
University shall carry and present
papers signed by the President of
the University, identifying such
individuals and indicating the ex
tent of their authority.
David Starr Jordan,
President.
