# Varsity Soccerites Lose to All Stars
## Turkey Day Game Won by Eleven From Sacramento Valley Soccer League 
### 
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
Tn a game replete with thrills and
sensational playing the soccer team
went down to its second defeat of
the year, Thanksgiving Day, .when it
lost 2-0 to an all-star aggregation of
the best players picked from teams in
the Sacramento Valley League, at Sac
ramento.
Handicapped by the loss of goaler
Williams, who was injured in the
California game two weeks ago. the
soccer eleven fought the all-stars to
a standstill during half of the first
period.
Wliesilly Shifted.
W. R. Wlioatly, '17, who was shifted
back from center-forward, the posi
tion he has filled all season, to sub
stitute for Williams at goal, per
formed creditably, as did Alderton and
Hyer, the left side of the defense.
The soccer team closes its season
Saturday, when it will meet the All
Slars in the concluding game of the
University Soccer League, at Stan
ford. The All Stars are composed of
Stanford and California players, and
in the event that Stanford wins, it
will have the championship of the
league.
Stanford's line-up Thursday was
Wheatly, goal; Farrell. right back;
Eyer, left back; Ketchum, right half;
Alderton, center half; Westenhaver,
left half; Weller, outside left; Adams
(captain), inside left; Honey, center
forward; McMahon, inside right, and
Drury, outside right.
