# Poetry Collection Is Put on Market
## Book Contains Poems Written by Students in Last Four Years 
### 
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
Writers of the present and the
"just-passed" generation of Stanford
come together in the little volume of
verse which the English Club, with
the co-operation of Professor W. H.
Car ruth, head of the Department of
English, is putting on the; market In
ample time for the brisk demand that
comes with Christmas.
The !)0-page volume contains 74
separate contributions, the work of
the best undergraduate verse writers
of the four years just ending, and Is
the first effort to put into selling
form the thoughts of those who have
added good poetry to Stanford's re
cent undergraduate literature.
One hundred and fifty copies have
already been sold on the campus. The
volume can lie purchased at the book-
Store ready for mailing. In the table
of contents are listed Ihe following
versifiers: Maxwell Anderson, Mar
gery Bailey, Dorothy S. Duryea, Dor
othy Gunnel Jenkins, Agnes Gray, F.
W. Farris, J. L. Duff, Marjorie Dris
coll, Gladys Green, .Mary Curry, Karl
Green, Elinor Cogswell, Alice M. Rog
ers, Gladys Briggs duff, Gordon
Davis, Ceroid Robinson, G. G. Heis
liolt, H. IT. Ileth, Dark St a rk, Robert
Donaldson. Doris Estcourt, Sydnic
Gardner, Maurice Dooling, G. A.
Hughes, R. V. Higgins, J. W. Ben
nett, C. 15. Hammond, William Logan,
Helen Kreps.
