# FINAL APPOINTMENT IS MADE.
## Prof H.C. Moreno Selected to Fill Last Vacancy on Student Affairs Committee. 
### 
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
The last vacancy in the Student
Affairs committee has been filled by
the appointment of Assistant Pro
fessor H. C. Moreno, of the Applied
Mathematics department. With the
close of the last college year, Pro
fessor it. E. Swain and A. M. Cath
cart resigned their positions upon
this committee, one of the vacancies
being filled by the re-election of Dr.
O. L. Elliott. The other position on
the committee has remained unoccu
pied until this last appointment. Pro
fessor Moreno is also upon the Com
mittee on Registration. The person
nel of the Student A ffairs Committee
follows: Professors A. R Clark, chair
man, head of the Art department, O.
L. Elliott, Registrar, G. C. Price of
the Zoology department, A. C. Whit
aker of the Economics department
and H. C. Moreno of the Applied
Mathematics department.
