# LOWER DIVISION TOPIC OF BERKELEY DEBATE
## 
### 
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
Stanford's affirmative team for the
intercollegiate debate with the Uni
versity of California will meet the
U.C. negative team tonight at Berke
ley on the question, "Resolved, That
the Lower Division at Stanford be
abolished."
Philip Cavalero and Gordon Shal
lenberger will speak for Stanford and
Sanford Goldner and Stanley Breyer
will represent the University of Cali
fornia.
