# MRS. HUSTON TELLS CAUSE OF 'FLUNKOUTS'
## 
### 
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
"Students flunk out as a result of
a mistake in the choice of a major
department, outside distractions, and
poor health," said Mrs. Margaret D.
Huston, secretary of the Scholarship
Committee, in a talk before a meeting
of the Mothers' Club yesterday after
noon.
"Winners of scholarships," Mrs.
Huston added, "are not just grinds
and Phi Betes, as is often thought.
Students interested in student ad
ministration, dramatics, and journal
ism are recipients of scholarships
this year."
