# Publication Date of Lit Scheduled for Thursday
## 
### 
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
Thursday is the day set for publica
tion of the first edition of the Stan
ford Literary Magazine this year.
Jack Hodges, circulation manager, has
called a meeting of all tryoutees to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Press
building to attend to mailing the
magazines, and asks that all be
prompt.
