# Daily staff lunch
## 
### 
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
There will be an important lunch
today at noon for all new and old
timer Daily staffers. Sandwiches will
be served and important issues dis
cussed.
