# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
Friday, March 4, seniors host the
campus. Bob Setrakian is in charge
of entertainment.
