# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
Bob Anderson of Stanford was
NCAA 50-yard free-style champ in
both .1946 and '47.
