# Bureau for American Students.
## 
### 
Through the generosity of several
Chicago gentlemen money has been
furnished sufficient to establish a
bureau for American students in
Paris. This bureau will give stu
dents who intend to study in Paris
information about the requirements
and regulations of French schools,
matters of economy, etc. The bureau
will be located at 70 rue d'Assas,
and will be under the charge ol
Breal, secretary of the Comite
Franco-Americaine.
Through the generosity of several
Chicago gentlemen money has been
furnished sufficient to establish a
bureau for American students in
Paris. This bureau will give stu
dents who intend to study in Paris
information about the requirements
and regulations of French schools,
matters of economy, etc. The bureau
will be located at 70 rue d'Assas,
and will be under the charge ol
Breal, secretary of the Comite
Franco-Americaine.
Through the generosity of several
Chicago gentlemen money has been
furnished sufficient to establish a
bureau for American students in
Paris. This bureau will give stu
dents who intend to study in Paris
information about the requirements
and regulations of French schools,
matters of economy, etc. The bureau
will be located at 70 rue d'Assas,
and will be under the charge ol
Breal, secretary of the Comite
Franco-Americaine.
Through the generosity of several
Chicago gentlemen money has been
furnished sufficient to establish a
bureau for American students in
Paris. This bureau will give stu
dents who intend to study in Paris
information about the requirements
and regulations of French schools,
matters of economy, etc. The bureau
will be located at 70 rue d'Assas,
and will be under the charge ol
Breal, secretary of the Comite
Franco-Americaine.
Through the generosity of several
Chicago gentlemen money has been
furnished sufficient to establish a
bureau for American students in
Paris. This bureau will give stu
dents who intend to study in Paris
information about the requirements
and regulations of French schools,
matters of economy, etc. The bureau
will be located at 70 rue d'Assas,
and will be under the charge ol
Breal, secretary of the Comite
Franco-Americaine.
Through the generosity of several
Chicago gentlemen money has been
furnished sufficient to establish a
bureau for American students in
Paris. This bureau will give stu
dents who intend to study in Paris
information about the requirements
and regulations of French schools,
matters of economy, etc. The bureau
will be located at 70 rue d'Assas,
and will be under the charge ol
Breal, secretary of the Comite
Franco-Americaine.
