# Third Varsity "Gets ‘Em.”
## 
### 
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
Seventeen ruggers of the Third Var
sity squad engaged Hollister high
Saturday in a one-sided match. The
final result being a 20-0 win for the
Stanford Half-Blacks. The game was
characterized by forward play.
