# New Discipline: Make 'Em Write!
## 
### 
Seven student demonstrators
were suspended from the City
College of New York on October
19 for obstructing the construc
tion of temporary buildings at
the college two weeks earlier in
an attempt to save campus trees
and lawns. Each student was re
quired to write a 5,000-word com
position justifying his actions.
The students will not be per
mitted to attend classes until
a student-faculty discipline com
mittee, which suggested the pun
ishment, approves the composi
tions.
Joshua Chaikin, one of those
suspended, said the punishment
was not as light as it might ap
pear. The college, he remarked,
could continue the suspensions
indefinitely by merely finding
the compositions unsatisfactory.
