# Adv. 18 Page 7
## 
### 
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
'W 4
Simple,
straight-forward,
classic-out of step
with today's
throwaway culture.
Refillable cartridge,
ballpoint or fiber tip
marker in basic tan
or navy blue.
$1.98: not bad for a pen
you may use the
rest of your life.
$1.98
112
v
I SHI AFFIR WORI I) WIDK
j
