# Pre-Panama Manager Needs Carpenter.
## 
### 
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
The general manager of the Pre-
Panama Exposition is desirous of ob
taining student help in the carpenter
work which is to be done at the ex
position grounds in the Zoology build
ing tomorrow. Several men are need
ed, and those wishing employment aro
requested to communicate with Miss
Ruth Price.
