# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
Seniors at Central University are
wearing monocles and carrying canes.
