# FACULTY TO BE RECEIVED
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
Dr. and Mrs. Eliot G. Mears will give
a reception honoring the summer
quarter faculty Saturday afternoon,
June 27, from 4 to 6 p.m. in the Wom
en's Gymnasium.
