# Reception Given For Faculty and Students
## 
### 
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
Summer quarter students and fac
ulty were entertained informally on
Lagunita Knoll Friday night by Mrs.
Ray Lyman Wilbur.
Professor Eliot Grinnell Mears, the
director of summer quarter, and Mrs.
Mears received with Mrs. Wilbur.
Approximately 200 students and fac
ulty, including many of the visiting
professors, came.
President Wilbur was unable to as
sist Mrs. Wilbur because of il'ness.
