# Stretched Type
## 
### 
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
These two paragraphs of typing illus
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei U.
Toraan, a research worker.at the Stanford
University Press. The first paragraph
shows standard typing with tho typical
ragged alignment of the right margin. The
•econd paragraph contains the identical
material and was typed on 'the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" the short lines during the
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (see line 3) to seven
characters (3ee line 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
the line./
)
These two paragraphs of typing illus«
trate the possibilities of a device for
attachment to standard typewriters which
has recently been perfected by Sergei M.
Toman, a research worker at tho Stanford
University Press. Tho first paragraph
shows standard typijig with the typical
ragged alignment of tho right margin. The
second paragraph contains tho identical
material and was typed on the same
machine with the special attachment in
operation. The resulting even alignment
of the right margin is accomplished by
"stretching" tho short lines during tho
actual typing. This "stretching" varies
from one character (sec line 3) to 3cvon
characters (see lir.o 10), the extra space
being distributed over every charactcr in
lh* line.
