# Tuesday Poll To Decide Fate Of Concert Series
## 
### 
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
Students will vote tomorrow to re
tain or abolish the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series. Should retention be decided
upon it is proposed to organize a
small, permanent advisory commit
tee of influential and interested peo
ple in the vicinity of Stanford, who
will form a means of continuity from
season to season and advise each
manager. The polls will open at 8:30
o'clock in the morning and will close
at 2 o'clock p.m.
The president's committee on
unemployment relief reports that
there are 0.000,000 homes in the
United States without bathrooms.
