# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
PHOTOGRAPHERS!
The Stanford Daily is looking for
people to staff its photography de
partment beginning in September.
Whether you'd like to be a photo edi
tor or just shoot that occasional pic
ture, The Daily is a great place to
develop style and skill with a great
bunch of people.
For details, call (415) 725-2100 and
ask for Jim or Sasha.
PHOTOGRAPHERS!
The Stanford Daily is looking for
people to staff its photography de
partment beginning in September.
Whether you'd like to be a photo edi
tor or just shoot that occasional pic
ture, The Daily is a great place to
develop style and skill with a great
bunch of people.
For details, call (415) 725-2100 and
ask for Jim or Sasha.
PHOTOGRAPHERS!
The Stanford Daily is looking for
people to staff its photography de
partment beginning in September.
Whether you'd like to be a photo edi
tor or just shoot that occasional pic
ture, The Daily is a great place to
develop style and skill with a great
bunch of people.
For details, call (415) 725-2100 and
ask for Jim or Sasha.
PHOTOGRAPHERS!
The Stanford Daily is looking for
people to staff its photography de
partment beginning in September.
Whether you'd like to be a photo edi
tor or just shoot that occasional pic
ture, The Daily is a great place to
develop style and skill with a great
bunch of people.
For details, call (415) 725-2100 and
ask for Jim or Sasha.
PHOTOGRAPHERS!
The Stanford Daily is looking for
people to staff its photography de
partment beginning in September.
Whether you'd like to be a photo edi
tor or just shoot that occasional pic
ture, The Daily is a great place to
develop style and skill with a great
bunch of people.
For details, call (415) 725-2100 and
ask for Jim or Sasha.
