# Contents
## 
### 
His
4 Dave Tanaka gives
his opinions on the
gender question, while
Jane Roe questions her
beliefs.

bending
5 Biology Prof. Robert
Schimke's path is
bending back toward
health after a paralyzing
accident.

sickle's
6 While the budget
sickle has threatened
other areas, SLAC blind
ed some visiting Con
gressmen with science.

compass
9 The athletic com
pass points toward
victory for Stanford's
women's volleyball
team.

come
medleys
the Bard's
best, two Shakespeare
festivals come to the
Bays Area.

Cover photo illustration by Henry Hsu





His
4 Dave Tanaka gives
his opinions on the
gender question, while
Jane Roe questions her
beliefs.

bending
5 Biology Prof. Robert
Schimke's path is
bending back toward
health after a paralyzing
accident.

sickle's
6 While the budget
sickle has threatened
other areas, SLAC blind
ed some visiting Con
gressmen with science.

compass
9 The athletic com
pass points toward
victory for Stanford's
women's volleyball
team.

come
medleys
the Bard's
best, two Shakespeare
festivals come to the
Bays Area.

Cover photo illustration by Henry Hsu





His
4 Dave Tanaka gives
his opinions on the
gender question, while
Jane Roe questions her
beliefs.

bending
5 Biology Prof. Robert
Schimke's path is
bending back toward
health after a paralyzing
accident.

sickle's
6 While the budget
sickle has threatened
other areas, SLAC blind
ed some visiting Con
gressmen with science.

compass
9 The athletic com
pass points toward
victory for Stanford's
women's volleyball
team.

come
medleys
the Bard's
best, two Shakespeare
festivals come to the
Bays Area.

Cover photo illustration by Henry Hsu





His
4 Dave Tanaka gives
his opinions on the
gender question, while
Jane Roe questions her
beliefs.

bending
5 Biology Prof. Robert
Schimke's path is
bending back toward
health after a paralyzing
accident.

sickle's
6 While the budget
sickle has threatened
other areas, SLAC blind
ed some visiting Con
gressmen with science.

compass
9 The athletic com
pass points toward
victory for Stanford's
women's volleyball
team.

come
medleys
the Bard's
best, two Shakespeare
festivals come to the
Bays Area.

Cover photo illustration by Henry Hsu





His
4 Dave Tanaka gives
his opinions on the
gender question, while
Jane Roe questions her
beliefs.

bending
5 Biology Prof. Robert
Schimke's path is
bending back toward
health after a paralyzing
accident.

sickle's
6 While the budget
sickle has threatened
other areas, SLAC blind
ed some visiting Con
gressmen with science.

compass
9 The athletic com
pass points toward
victory for Stanford's
women's volleyball
team.

come
medleys
the Bard's
best, two Shakespeare
festivals come to the
Bays Area.

Cover photo illustration by Henry Hsu





