# AWH Meeting Opens Today
## 
### 
One hundred hospital administra
tors from ten Western states will
meet at Stanford today for a two
week intensive refresher course on
basic hospital managment and op
eration, the Association of Western
Hospitals announced yesterday.
The courses will be conducted by
tho American College of Hospital
Administrators in co-operation with
Stanford and will be held from Aug.
18 to 29.
The program will include lectures
and visits to San Francisco Bay
Area hospitals where demonstra
tions will be given of operating
room management, air conditioning
and refrigeration, and admission
procedures.
The institute will be opened at 10
a.m. today by Dr. Loren B. Chan
dler, dean of the Stanford Medical
School.
