# 'Mr. A.B.C.' to Give Cigarettes to Roughs
## 
### 
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
A chance for fred cigarettes is of
fered Stanford students during the
next two weeks when "Mr. A.8.C."
will be on campus, according to
Marianna Olmstead, student Ches
terfield representative.
"Mr, A.8.C." will give a free
package of Chesterfields to every
student he finds carrying that
brand, and will give two free pack
ages to anyone actually smoking a
Chesterfield when he stops them,
Miss Olmstead said.
