# At Other Colleges.
## 
### 
The UDiversity of Michigan has a
fraternity which includes in its mem
bership both sexes.
A diploma from a recognized college
enables oue to teach in the public
schools of Pennsylvania without exam
uiution by the county superintendent.
Prof. Geo. Martin Lane, who for
forty-three years has been professor of
Latin at Harvard, has resigned his pos
ition and will receive a pension of
83,000 a year.
The Tiger Inn, one of the most
prominent clubs at Princetou, has voted
to build a new club house. The build
ing will be completed before the spring
term of next year, and will be planned
after the style of English inns in the
Elizabethan period.
It is expected that Mr. Charles
Harrison will succeed Dr. William
Pepper as provost of the U. of P. Mr
Harrison is enormously wealthy, and,
besides belonging to the most exclusive
set in Philadelphia, is a mau of great
refinement and learning.
The UDiversity of Michigan has a
fraternity which includes in its mem
bership both sexes.
A diploma from a recognized college
enables oue to teach in the public
schools of Pennsylvania without exam
uiution by the county superintendent.
Prof. Geo. Martin Lane, who for
forty-three years has been professor of
Latin at Harvard, has resigned his pos
ition and will receive a pension of
83,000 a year.
The Tiger Inn, one of the most
prominent clubs at Princetou, has voted
to build a new club house. The build
ing will be completed before the spring
term of next year, and will be planned
after the style of English inns in the
Elizabethan period.
It is expected that Mr. Charles
Harrison will succeed Dr. William
Pepper as provost of the U. of P. Mr
Harrison is enormously wealthy, and,
besides belonging to the most exclusive
set in Philadelphia, is a mau of great
refinement and learning.
The UDiversity of Michigan has a
fraternity which includes in its mem
bership both sexes.
A diploma from a recognized college
enables oue to teach in the public
schools of Pennsylvania without exam
uiution by the county superintendent.
Prof. Geo. Martin Lane, who for
forty-three years has been professor of
Latin at Harvard, has resigned his pos
ition and will receive a pension of
83,000 a year.
The Tiger Inn, one of the most
prominent clubs at Princetou, has voted
to build a new club house. The build
ing will be completed before the spring
term of next year, and will be planned
after the style of English inns in the
Elizabethan period.
It is expected that Mr. Charles
Harrison will succeed Dr. William
Pepper as provost of the U. of P. Mr
Harrison is enormously wealthy, and,
besides belonging to the most exclusive
set in Philadelphia, is a mau of great
refinement and learning.
