# Proud Of It!
## 
### 

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)

Helen Hayes, chosen by the Acad
emy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences as the leading actress of
the year, seems to be proud of the
:rophy which goes with the award.
(Associated Press Photo)
