# Students To Report On Habits Of Concentration
## 
### 
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
Students' reports of their success
in habits of concentration as a re
sult of last Tuesday's informal lec
ture by Dr. Charles Gilbert Wrenn
will feature the meetings at 11 and
7 o'clock tomorrow in Room 201.
During the latter half of the hour
Mr. Wrenn will talk on the taking
of notes.
