# Mexican Harbors, Airports to Open
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
MEXICO CITY, April 9 (UP). —
Legislation to permit "all nations
contributing to western hemisphere
defenses" to make free use of Mex
ico s airports and harbors received
joint Congressional committee ap
proval today and was forwarded to
the Mexican Senate for considera
tion at its first regular session.
The bill, drawn up and presented
under instructions from President
Avila Camacho, presumably would
extend to all United Nations the
rights to Mexican facilities enjoyed
by western hemisphere republics
since a Mexican grant of Dec. 27.
