# M'Arthur 'Grieved' At Bataan Loss
## 
### United Press 
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
At his supreme command head
quarters in Australia. General
Douglas Mac-Arthur, who person
ally led the defenders through the
first three months of the Philip
pines campaign, was described as
"grieved" and more determined
t;han ever that the Philippines
shall he rescued.
In Congress, Representative An
drew J. May, I).. Ky„ chairman
of the House Military AfTairs Com
mittee, voiced the feeling of all
when he said:
"it's tough to lose the Philip
pines, but damn them, we'll be
back."
