# Unite Limit on P.E. Course Extended
## 
### 
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
There is no longer a three-unit
limit on credit given in Course No.
192, the Technique of Athletic Man
agement. according to an announce
ment by Dr. O. N. Andersen, General
Director of the School of Health.
This is the course in which student
sport managers are enrolled. In the
past, managers were allowed a max
imum ol three units in the Upper
Division, but in the future may con
tinue to receive one unit per quar
ter throughout the Upper Division.
