# STANFORD VS. NAVAL SCHOOL.
## Varsity Will Play Tomorrow Eleven from United States Naval Academy. 
### 
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
The game tomorrow with the
United States Naval Training
Academy on Goat Island will be
called at 3:30. Little is known at
Stanford about the strength of the
visiting team, either aB a whole or
of the individual players. The
line-up has not been received. The
Varsity is in much better form now
than it was last Saturday, and will
put up a fast game. The Cardinal
line-up will be approximately the
same as when it met Reliance last
week. Wilfred Dole, '05, will be
behind the line in his usual posi
tion. He has fully recovered from
his recent illness.
