# PLANNING FOR PLUG UGLY.
## Junior Committee Appointed to Offer Prizes and Choose Acceptable Farce. 
### 
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
The Junior class met in the
chapel today and after consider
able discussion in regard to the
date on which the plug ugly should
he given, decided to put the whole
matter in charge of a committee of
five members. The committee will
Boon offer a prize not exceeding
twelve dollars to he given to the
writer of the most acceptable manu
script of a farce. The date at
which all manuscript must be in
will be announced Monday. The
committee appointed for this work
is composed of W. li. Cole. H. E.
Bush, A. M. Dibble, J. 1\ David
son, and E. Y. I'omeroy, chairman.
A committee composed of F. G.
Smith, J.J. Monzingo, and li. C.
Dey, chairman, was oppointed to
look after the procuring of plugs.
