# Professor Ames Will Speak.
## 
### 
At the annual banquet of the
Stanford Law Association, which
will be held during Commencement
"week, Professor James Barr Ames,
dean of the Harvard Law School,
will deliver the principal address.
It is the aim of the association to
secure some man of high rank in
the legal profession to speak at the
last meeting of the year. Professor
Ames, who has accepted an invita
tion for the second annual reunion
of the association, is one of the
most prominent legal men in the
United States. His place as a

teacher of law is perhaps equalled
by no other man. As a legal writer
his books on Pleading, Bills and
Notes, Suretyship, Partnership,
Equity, Torts and Trusts have
placed him perhaps at the head of
legal authors in America. The
subject of Professor Ames' address
will be announced later.
