# Special Notices.
## 
### 
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
Lost—A. small silver mesh* wire
purse on the baseball bleachers, Sat
urday at the U. C. game. Box 1263.
For rent—Furnished, for one year,
house of eight rooms with three-room
sleeping porch. 1157 Ramona street,
Palo Alto.
