# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
Dr. Henry C. Ostrom, who has been
holding revival meetings in Palo Alto
for the past few weeks, preached the
sermon in the Memorial Church yes
terday morning.
