# Stanford Japanese Club Wins U.C. Tennis Match
## 
### 
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
The tennis team representing the
Japanese Club of Stanford University
decisively trounced the Japanese net
merit of the University of California
last Sunday in the annual tennis match
between the Japanese students of the
two institutions. This is the third vic
tory for the Stanford Japanese Club in
four years, last year's match having
resulted in a tie.
I
