# PRINCETON HAS CHAPEL
## 
### 
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
Princeton's new chapel will be the
second largest of its kind in the world.
Each of the two largest columns will
require eight carloads of carved lime
stone; one of the large stones em- |
bodied in the walls weighs seven tons; I
and in some places the walls are seven
feet thick.
