# FORESTRY POSITIONS OPEN FOR CHEMISTS
## 
### 
Chemistry majors intending to enter
the United States Civil Service may
file applications for the position of
junior chemist in the Forest Products
Laboratory, announces a bulletin pre
pared by the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission.
The applications must be on file at
Washington, D.C., not later than De
cember 31, states the bulletin. The
examination will be given in the op
tional subjects of advanced inorganic
chemistry, analytical chemistry, or
ganic chemistry, and physical chem
istry. Vacancies in the Federal classi
fied service throughout the United
States will be filled from those suc
cessful in receiving their appoint
ments.
The bulletin sets forth that the en
trance salary for this position is about
$1800 a year. After a probational
period advancement in pay may be
made to higher rates within the pay
range for the grade, up to the maxi
mum of $2400 a year. Higher grades
may be made in accordance with the
civil service rules as vacancies occur.
