# Street Car Stopped to Facilitate Work on New Aerodynamics Laboratory
## 
### 
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
Excavation for the new aerodynam
ics laboratory which is being estab
lished in the old R.O.T.C. ordnance
building is rapidly being finished. The
street car which runs by the site has
been stopped in order that the work
can be completed sooner and it will be
two more weeks before it will run to
its normal end of the line. At present
it is being stopped half way between
the Press building and the Union.
Professor Everett P. Lesley, former
mechanical engineering department
head at Stanford, has charge of the
construction and will also be the head
of the new laboratory when it is com
pleted. As soon as the excavation has
been completed the equipment will be
installed. A huge air tunnel will be
erected on the floor of the laboratory
and tests can bo made of all types of
propellors, airplane structure, and
motor power.
The laboratory is expected to be
completed some time in January.
