# Charles Evans Hughes, Ex-Secretary of State, Heads Medical Society
## 
### 
Charles Evans Hughes, former sec
retary of state, has been elected hon
orary president of the American As
sociation for Medical Progress, to suc
ceed the late Dr. Charles W. Eliot,
former president of Harvard Univer
sity. Mr. Hughes has been connected
with the association as honorary vice
president.
President Wilbur is a member of
the Medical Advisory Board of the or
ganization. The purpose of the associa
tion is "to encourage experimental re
search for the advancement of medical
science, and to inform the public con
cerning the methods and discoveries
responsible for man's increasing con
trol over animal and human diseases."
Chester H. Rowell, lecturer in the
Department of Political Science at
Stanford is a member of the Lay Ad
visory Board of the association.
