# Washington Stands Fifth In Rating of Conference
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON,
Nov. 21 —(P.I.P.) —Washington foot
ball team ended in fifth place in the
1926 Pacific Coast Conference race,
having won three out of five games
played. The final game resulted in a
29-10 defat for the Purple and Gold
Huskies, Stanford taking both the
game and a cinch on the champion
ship. The next and last game of the
season for the Huskies will be with
Nebraska, to be played here on
Thanksgiving day.
