# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
Thanksgiving Day has been named
"Walter Camp Day" at the University
of Washington.
