# CENSORSHIP OPPOSED BY CAROLINA FACULTY
## 
### 
Censorship of the "Carolina Maga
zine," student publication at the Uni
versity of North Carolina, was opposed
by a faculty committee at the univer
sity recently when it was suggested by
the Student Council as a safeguard
against articles such as the story,
"Slaves," which appeared in a late
number of the magazine.
The story was described as "im
proper for publication in the maga
zine," but the committee gave as its
decision that student editors should
be responsible only to their own taste
and intelligence. The hope was ex
pressed that the editors would "de
velop within their own life such a
sense of responsibility for our truest
literary interests" as would prevent
the publication of articles such as
"Slaves."
