# Fee assessments
## 
### 
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
Campus groups interested in Daily
endorsements for their fee
assesments should call the Daily of
fice by tomorrow to make an appoint
ment for an interview with the Edito
rial Board.
