# FIVE BANDS AND ONE DRUM CORPS TO TAKE PART IN NOTIFICATION
## 
### 
One attribute of political meetings
will be in abundant evidence tomor
row, the bands. No less than five
bands will grace the stadium for the
occasion of Hoover's notification as
well as the finest drum corps in the
United States.
At 2:30 o'clock the Stanford band
will march into the stadium in its uni
form of red coats and white flannel
trousers, following this group the
Olympic Club's band will enter in
white uniform. The San Francisco pro
fessional band will follow in blue uni
form. Thus the red, white, and blue
will constitute the opening section.
San Leandro's musicians will follow
the San Francisco band in blue and
gold uniform symbolizing California's
part in the celebration. They will
drill and play until time for the
Hoover address.
