# Goddard Will Patrol Air About Stadium Saturday
## 
### 
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
Lieutenant N. A. Goddard will be
patrolling the air in the environs of
the Stanford Stadium tomorrow. In
patrolling the air in the environments
of the Stanford Stadium Saturday. In
his official capacity as Air Traffic Of
ficer, Lieutenant Goddard, of the Palo
Alto School of Aviation, has issued a
warning to all airports: "Airplanes
will not be permitted within two miles
of the Stanford Stadium from three
to five o'clock, August 11. Reason, in
terference with radio broadcast of
Hoover's speech."
