# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
Stanford Recycling
has jobs!
We're looking for able
bodied, environmentally
minded people to pick up
and sort recyclables from
all over campus.
Furf, outdoor work,
v $5.20/ hour to start.
Give us a call at 723-0919.
*•
♦
♦
p *
» •
*
» •
v
¥ •
i AMERICAN
V CANCER
SOCIETY
