# Silver Cup to Be Given For Best Concession in Spring Carnival Contest
## 
### 
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
A silver cup, standing twelve inches
high, is to he presented to the organiza
tion putting on the best concession at
Vanity Fair. April 28-29. The cup will
he engraved with the name of the win
ning concession and the organization
presenting it. The judges of the com
peting concessions will hase their opin
ions on the originality of the stunt,
amount of revenue realized, elaborate
ness of the production, and care in pre
sentation.
Concession ideas of campus organiza
tions will be finally compiled by "Dick"
Taylor tomorrow, and an assignment
will be made next week. Construction
is to start somewhat earlier this year,
so as to allow plenty of time before the
opening night, April 28.
In connection with the construction
work, the financial committee, with of
fices located in the old Union, an
nounces that requisitions must be se
cured for all purchases in order that
expenses may be kept as low as pos
sible. Strict watch on waste and du
plication is necessary this season, and
to insure a minimum of overhead the
financial committee announces that all
purchases made without a requisition
will be considered as donations to the
Carnival.
