# RETURNING GRID LETTERMEN
## 
### 


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw


LOKEN I,A PItADE, left, and Buck Fawcett, right, returning veteran
lettennen, are two (if the better gridders out for spring practice.
Lal'rade was left guard and defensive signal caller on Senator Stan
ford's "?i IModel T, while Fawcett played hackfivid on the same squad.
Vfiktli :tr<> iwn\' van!wim<it a nw
