# RAF BOMBING RAIDS SEAR EUROPE
## 
### 

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.

(Acme Telephoto)
BRITISH Is<>!Vllsl-;itS ANI) FIGHTERS again swept over the French coast last night hitting, among other
objectives, the invasion docks at Dunkirk. Rostok. marked on (lie map, was demolished recently. I( was
one of the main ports used to supply German troops in Russia and was also the site of a great Ileinkcl
aircraft factory. In their raids over the Continent recently, the RAF has hit Turin, Pilsen, and Trond
heim, not marked on the map.
