# Pan-Hell Rushing Sign-up to Close
## 
### 
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
Today is the last day for the reg
istration of all new women students
who wish to participate in rushing.
Those interested may sign up in the
Pan-Hellenic office on the third floor
of the Women's Clubhouse from 1 to
5 p.m. A fee of one dollar is charged.

According to Barbara Rapp, Pan-
Hellenic president, no sorority will
include on its rushing lists any stu
dent who does not register. Regis
tering is open to all those who have
not been enrolled during a previous
rushing period.
