# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
CLUES
from the
. . . . and for that skirt, an odd
BLOUSE
Our assortment of blouses would
make anyone envious. Just for a
sample we mention crepes, taf
fetas, plain colors, plaids, wool
checks and plaids.
$2.00 to $4.00
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Waverley
