# Western Athletic Association.
## 
### 
The Western Intercollegiate Am
ateur Athletic Association has sub
mitted proposals to colleges be
longing to the Association to drop
the one-mile walk and for it sub
stitute a two-mile run. Other
questions under consideration are
the subject of campus games be
tween all the colleges and the mat
ter of the length of time one may
participate in collegiate contests.
It. is proposed that contestants
shall take part in athletics only
four years, no matter what kind of
sport.

These matters have special sig
nificance to Stanford, as they bear
particularly on the points decided
at the meeting last Saturday at
San Francisco uf the athletic com
mittees from Berkeley and Stanford.
