# Encina Reception.
## 
### 
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
Invitations are out for a recep
tion and dance to be given by En
cina Club on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 15th. Music will be furn
ished by Yanke's orchestra. About
fifty of the rooms will be kept
open, and those who do not care to
dance can spend the evening visit
ing these.
