# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
Help Stop SEX Crimes! I
Get Paid to
Socialize!!
Are you concerned walking on
campus at night? Want to
protect yourself?A growing
security company seeks
campus organizers to promote
security on campus. Earn
extra money, Part-time!!
Frats and Soror members &
socially active are encour
aged to apply. No book worms
please. For more info.
415-974-9368
