# Crew Trip Practically Assured.
## 
### 
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
That the varsity crew will go North
to row against the University of Wash
ington this summer, is practically as
sured and the step only needs the rat
ification of the executive committee
which will meet on Friday afternoon,
after the nomination of officers.
If a favorable decision is reached
the crew will begin training again on
Saturday and it is likely that one or
two freshmen will be on the squad
