# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
'j •
Starched Collars to wear
with Cap and Cown for
Women Graduates
35c
Walsfcerls
