# John Barrymore 'Not Too Good'
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
HOLLYWOOD, May 28 (UP). —
The condition of John Barrymore,
critically ill in Hollywood Presby
terian Hospital, today was reported
as "not too good."

The famous tsage and screen actor
suffered a setback yesterday in his
illness and today was reported no
better. Barrymore is suffering from
hyperstatic pneumonia complicated
by chronic kidney and liver trouble
and an old abdominal ailment.
