# South Chinese Front 'Ominous'
## 
### United Press 
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
U.S. submarines, presumably in
another slab against Japan's long
north-south supply line from Kobe
to Singapore, Manila and the "in
vasion bases oil' the north Australian
coast, have sunk two more Japanese
ships, possibly sunk a third and
damaged a heavy cruiser by tor
pedo hits, the Navy revealed yes
terday.
This good news, however, was
counterbalanced by an increasingly
ominous situation in Chekiang
Province and adjacent areas in
southeast China, where the Japanese
had encircled considerable Chinese
forces around Kinhwa and appeared
to be carrying out a merciless cam
paign of extermination.
JAPS DRIVE ON IN BURMA
In the heaviest fighting still in
progress in Burma, the Chunking
communique said that the Japanese
were storming from three directions
on Kengtung, capital of the southern
Shan states, only 60 miles from the
borders of Thailand and French
Indo-China.
Washington, too, was concerned
about the outlook for China as an
essential member of the United
Nations and a potential base for an
eventual offensive agdinst Japan.
CHINA NEEDS PLANES
The Chinese desperately need
planes and trained aviation person
nel in great numbers if they are to
hold out against the Japanese for
another year.
The indications were that T. V.
Soong, Chinese foreign minister who
is in Washington as his country's
representative on the Pacific War
Council, had put the problem
squarely up to the United States.
