# Maurice Anger Signed For June Reg Dance
## 
### 
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
The Summer Quarter Registration
Dance will be held in the Women's
Gym on June 18 from 9 to 12 'p.m.
and will feature music by Maurice
Anger's Orchestra, announced Dance
Chairman Don Selby.
Tickets for the Summer Reg dance
are now on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fices for 99 cents.
POPULAR BAND
"In signing Maurice Anger and his
Orinda Country Club Orchestra for
the Reg Dance, we've got one of ihe
most popular bands in the Bay Re
gion," added Selby.
Anger's Orchestra has been fen -
tured at the Orinda Country Club in
Berkeley for the past four years.
And the band has also played for
many Cal dances.
SMOOTH MELODIES
The band features smooth, dance
able melodies, well interspersed
with novelty numbers. Maurice An
ger's piano playing highlights most
of the band numbers, along with

vocals by Doris Hopkins and Jim
Miller.
Songstress Doris Hopkins is one of
the most lovely vocalists on the
Coast. She teams with the vocal
trio in quartette numbers and also
sings most romantic ballads.
Stressing "Start Summer Socially,"
the Ret? Danes slogan, Band Chair
man Honall lid, "One of the best
ways to meet old friends returning
for Summer Quarter and get ac
quainted with new students is at the
Reg Dance."
"The Reg Dance will be one of ihe
biggest social events of the summer,
and with wartime restrictions on
social events this Reg Dance will be
too good to miss." concluded Hon all.
TICKETS
Tickets for the Reg Dance will he
sold throughout the campus on Reg
istration Dav, June 18, and also at
Ihe A.S.S.U. offices.
The dance is being sponsored by
Sigma Delta Chi, men's national
professional journalism fraternity.
