# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## COMPETE IN SEATTLE TOMORROW 
### 


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.


l)()\' REISS. above, and Captain Gene Kern, left, shown above in ac
tion earlier in the season. Both men will compete in the Pacific Coast
Conference championships in Seattle t< morrow.
