# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
MR
immediate openings for you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it you are
between iops returning to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
I tjual OoooMi/n<fy Employer
nthomas
Jemporaries
I Town and Country
Vilaga
J Palo Alto
328-0300.
— — J/
