# Weather:
## 
### 
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
Increasing clouds today with a chance of rain late tonight and
tomorrow. Highs today in the 60s. Lows tonight upper 40s to
mid 50s. Chance of rain 30 percent tonight. Sunday through
Tuesday: periodsof rain in valleys and snow in the mountains.
Temperatures averaging near to a little above seasonal
normals.
