# Friday Forum:
## Should marijuana be decriminalized? 
### 
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
The California Marijuana Initiative '80 is a
proposed statutory amendment. It provides that
adults possessing, transporting or cultivating
marijuana for personal use would not be
punished criminally. A state commission would
he established to study the potential agricul
tural, economic and tax benefits of regulating
the marijuana market. The measure would not
affect legislation prohibiting people under the
influence of marijuana from operating a motor

vehicle or engaging in conduct which may en
danger others.
Is the decriminalization of marijuana a good
idea? How would the measure affect Stanford?
Express your opinion in column, letter or car
toon form and send to the Daily, Storke Publi
cations Building, Stanford, CA 94305 by noon
Wednesday. Submissions should be typed,
double-spaced on a 57-space line, must be
signed and are subject to editing.
