# CHAPARRAL CALLS FOR NEW MATERIAL
## 
### 
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
"Reminiscence," the December issue,
wants new ideas, jokes or verses, and
is in need of securing material from
freshmen and sophomores. The pres
ent staff is composed of graduates or
seniors and new men arc necessary in
order to preserve the standard in the
future.
Contributions for the December issue
must be in by November 18. They may
be submitted to Chaparral, Box 15, or
to the editor, Room 400, Encina.
