# Relations With Japan Subject of Lecture by Treat
## 
### 
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
"The future foreign relations of
Japan and the United States," will be
the subject of a lecture delivered by
Professor Payson J. Treat, of the his
tory department, tomorrow evening.
1.. yourseetaoin shdlu mmmwinmwm
Professor Treat is a specialist in
Far Eastern history. His talk tomor
row night should furnish a great deal
of light on our diplomatic relations
with Japan.
The public is cordially invited to at
tend the lecture which will be held
under the auspices of the Euphronia
Debating Society, in Room 12 of the
Law Biulding, at 7:30 p.m.
