# EXERCISES CANCELLED
## 
### 
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
All University exercises for
tomorrow will be cancelled on
account of the funeral of Doctor
Branner.
CHARLES D. MARX,
Acting President.
