# Student Handbook Tells Study Aids
## 
### 
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
Fresh ofT the press, and available
for students' perusal in the Voca
tional Guidance shelf in the Regis
trar's Office is a book entitled, "The
Student's Handbook." It is a com
plete manual covering the students'
financial, vocational, emotional,
physical, and educational problems.
Four years of intensive preparation
by 400 leaders in the field of edu
cation were required for the com
pletion of the 318-page book. The
editor's purpose is to present to the
students vital information which is
not usually included in the college
curriculum. Contents include four
specific chapters which aim to help
the student scholastically. A com
plete shorthand system in 12 easy
courses is offered also.
