# CHURCH COLLAPSES
## 
### 
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
PARIS, Nov. 18 (#>).—The 300-
year-old Charite Hospital, built by
the orders of Maris and Medicis in
IGO2, collapsed today on 20 workers,
three of whom were injured critic
ally. The building was being demol -
ished.
