# Vanderbilts Go To N.Y. Appellate Court
## 
### 
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
ALBANY, NY., Nov. 18 (/P). — I The
now famous legal fight for the cus
tody of 11-year-old Gloria Laura
Morgan Vanderbilt officially came
today to Now York's highest tri
bunal, the Court of Appeals.
Reconvening after a three weeks'
recess, the court acknowledged re
ceipt of a motion by the child's
mother, Mrs. Gloria Morgan Van
derbilt, for permission to appeal
from rulings giving custody to little
Gloria's paternal aunt, Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney.
