# Dean to Open Club Recreation Area
## 
### 
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
Dedication ceremonies for the
eating club recreation area will
be held tomorrow morning at
11:30.
The now football field, volley
ball and basketball courts and
barbecue area will officially be
opened at a short dedication pro
gram which will feature Dean of
Students 11. Donald Winbigler,
Ted Harpalnter, architect, and
Pete Mansfield, former president
of Interclub Council.
Lunch will bo served in an in
formal buffet style outing, ac
cording to Jim Stewart, Interclub
Council president.
