# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
STAFF MEETING TODAY
At the usual place at 1:15
Daily minions will hear what's
wrong and what's right. Grip
ers meet at 1:00 sharp. Please
show up. Reporters, too, of
course.
