# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
alma ulafker
PALO ALTO
J-:$ '• *
V J.S V , f
&
ADVICE
Plan your costumes for
Spring
With chic that's the
thing
Dull dressing is infinite
folly.
With definite care
Choose Alma Walker
wear . . .
Then you're sure to
look luring like
Wally!
