# PHILLIES BEAT BOSTON
## 
### 
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., April 5
(U.R).—Gene Corbett's home run with
one on in tho fifth inning gave the
Philadelphia Phillies a lead they
never lost as they defeated the Bos
ton Bees, 4-0, here yesterday. Wal
ters and Lemaster five hits well
scattered.
