# GEOLOGISTS TO MEET
## 
### 
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
West Coast Fellows of the Geo
logical Society of America will be
entertained at heir 36th annual
meeting at Berkeley on April 9 and
10. Main items on the program arc
the annual dinner, a field trip, and
a series of illustrated lectures.
Speakers from Stanford are: Pro
fessors Austin F. Rogers, A. M.
Keen, Hubert G. Schenk, Alfred O.
Woodford; also Lois T. Martin and
Lesh Forrest.
