# POW'S on the Way
## 
### 
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
TOKYO, April 16 —The first of
605 freedom-bound Allied war pris
oners were due in Kaesong tonight
to await the Monday start of their
exchange for 6,033 Communist cap
tives.
The Reds scheduled the Kacsong
arrival of 68 vehicles bringing the
.sick and wounded prisoners down
from three camps in the Yalu Val
ley for 7 p.m. (2 a.m. PST).
A Communist newsman said that
American and British prisoners
would be lodged during their Kae
song stopover in the museum build
ing of the ancient Korean capital
six miles from the Panmunjom ex
change site.
He said one of the three camps
from which the prisoners camc con
tained no South Koreans. That in
dicated some of the 120 Americans
to be repatriated would be among
them.
