# Cadets Will Take Air Society Oath
## 
### 
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
Forty-seven members of the Air
Science 111 class will take the oath
of membership into the Lanphier
Squadron, Arnold Air Society, dur
ing the regular drill session on the
drill field today at 3 p.m.
Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Keller,
professor of air science, will admin
ister the oath. Nearly 700 Air Force
Cadets will be on hand.
