# OFF-CAMPUS WOMEN
## 
### 
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
Janeene Knipe, junior sponsor at
Roble this year, will speak at the
luncheon meeting of the Off-Cam
pus Women's Club this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse to explain the
sponsoring system.
