# KENTUCKY RULES WIN FAVOR
## Regulations Covering Selling Races May Be Applied to All Courses in Country. 
### 
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
So much pressure is being brought
to bear by trainers and owners for a
change in the rules for selling and
claiming races that it appears rules
adopted by the Kentucky Jockey club
will soon be applied to all courses in
the country. At a meeting of local
trainers a few days ago a petition was
signed seeking the adoption of the
Kentucky rules, and since then train
ers in Maryland have made a similar
request. The rules now in force are
blamed for the small fields in many
events.
