# EXHIBITS
## 
### 
Charles Dickens' bookplate is in
the front of a four-volume edition
of Dryden's plays which will be
exhibited in Room 200 M of the
English Corner from 11 to 12
o'clock every day this week.
The display is known as the
Grenville-Temple collection of
drama fiction and belongs to a
faculty member who is a descend
ant of that family of famous col
lectors of the late 18th and 19th
centuries.
Biographies in the collection in
clude those of Mrs. Oldfield, Tat
Wilkinson, Cumberland, Garirck,
Mrs. George Ann Bellamy, Mc-
Ready, and the Kimballs.
There are early 18th century edi
tions of Ethridge (1704), Congreve
(1710), Farquhar (1711), Bam
brough (1725), and Chadwell
(1720). The exhibit is another sup
plement of the Dramatists' assem
bly this week.
