# PERSONS
## Naughton Wedding 
### 
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
Alexander Naughton, assistant
professor of Romanic languages,
and Helen Thomas, former Stan
ford student, will be married at
noon today at St. Brendan's
Church in San Francisco.
Miss Thomas is a member of the
Delta Gamma sorority and is now
a resident of San Francisco. Two
years ago, she received her MA.
degree at Stanford.
