# Rabid Dog Found
## 
### 
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
R. B. Hamilton, an education
graduate, last week found a small
stray dog in front of the library
and took it to the Palo Alto
pound, where it was determined
the dog had rabies. Dr. W. H.
Brown, University health officer,
urges anyone who came in contact
with the dog to report to the Uni
versity Health Service as soon as
possible. As three people in San
Jose were bitten by a rabid dog
Saturday, dog owners are warned
to keep all dogs on leashes when
off their own premises.
