# Rats Sign with MGM
## 
### 
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
Succumbing to the lure of Holly
wood, 32 white, black, and "hood
ed" (black and white) rats left
yesterday for the film mecca,
where they will star for MGM in
an educational short.
Chaperoned on their golden
journey by Ryland Mattison,
graduate student in bacteriology,
the animals were purchased from
the psychology department at
Stanford, trained to run mazes,
leap obstacles, and discriminate
between colored cards. Arrange
ments were made with the studio
by Mattison, who also wrote the
script for the short.
Though contacts had not been
completed with the Actors' Guild,
no dispute with the rats over un
fair competition, excessive wages,
or over-long hours was expected
late last night.
