# Professor Espinosa Will Go to Teachers' Meeting
## 
### 
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
Professor E. M. Espinosa of the
Romanic Languages Department will
leave on Monday to attend a four-day
conference of the Central California
Staie Tts&chcrs Association to be held
at Monterey. While at the meeting he
will deliver several addresses.
