# DANCE CLASS GIVES SOLO, GROUP NUMBERS
## 
### 
An exhibition in dancing, open only
to those who held special invitation,
was held last night in the Roble Gym
nasium. The program consisted of a
number of solo and group dances, and
demonstrations in classwork by those
who have been working on dance com
position during the quarter.
Solo dances, including "The Sere
nader," "The Stealing of th* Sacred
Fire," and"The Scarecrow" were
given by Anne Mudge, Barbara Eu
banks, and Joy Harris, respectively.
"The Dance of the Dolls" presented
Miss Harris as a marionette. Miss
Eubanks as a French doll, and Olga
Spirito as a rag doll. The remainder
of the dances were executed by larger
groups, and were chiefly lyrical in
nature.
