# Tickets for Hockey Dinner Tomorrow Night on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
Tickets for the women's hockey ban
quet In the Union dining room tomor
row night at 6 o'clock may be ob
tained from any of the hockey cap
tains or from Helen Lease, hockey
manager, today or tomorrow, an
nounced Miss Lease yesterday.
