# Adv. 19 Page 8
## 
### 
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
I.Thomas
temporaries
Whatever your needs,
whatever your skills, for
information on a variety
of jobs —
call the people
who put YOU first.
328-0300
332 Town & Country Village
Palo Alto
San Jose — 965-2457
San Mateo — 572-1445
