# Briefly
## 
### 
Crow noon lecture
Barbara Christian, associate pro
fessor of Afro-American studies at
UC-Berkeley, will give a lecture at
noon on Jan. 31 in Terman Engineer
ing Building, room 153. Christian is
the author of an upcoming book on
black women writers.
ASSU nominations
Applications and descriptions for a
position on the ASSU Nominations
Committee are available at the ASSU
Office, 2nd floor, Tresidder. Applica
tions are due at 4 p.m. tomorrow.
YWCA rape education
The Stanford YWCA, in an effort to
broaden campus awareness of the
preventative aspects of rape and vio
lence, is holding a free series of
self-defense presentations each
noon on Thursday entitled "Woman:
The Resistance." All women are in
vited to attend the next workshop
session this Thursday, Feb. 1, from
noon â€”1 p.m. in the Clubhouse. Fu
ture sessions will include presenta
tions by local volunteer networks
serving victims of rape and domestic
violence. For more information call
497-1744.
