# WELTERS GET IN TRIM FOR CHAMPIONSHIP BOUT
## 
### 

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)

Jimmy McLarnin (left), Vancouver, B. C., boxer pounds the sandbag in Los Angeles preparatory to
meeting Young Corbett 111 (right), welterweight champion since last Feb. 22, in Los Angeles May 29.
Inset is a closeup of the challenger (left) and the Fresno, Cal., boy who will defend bis recently won
title. (Associated Press Photos)
