# DELAWARE VOTES REPEAL
## 
### 
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
WILMINGTON, Del., May 28 t/P)
—Delaware today joined the parade
of States which have approved by
popular ballot repeal of the eight
eenth amendment.
