# Bassett To Teach In Hawaii This Summer
## 
### 
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
Lee Emerson Bassett, professor of
public speaking, will serve on the
faculty of the 1983 summer session
ol the University of Hawaii in Hono
lulu, according to word received
from officials of the Island univer
sity over the week-end.
Professor Bassett will give courses
in oral expression and public speak
ing in the general session of the
summer school, which also has a
School of Pacific and Oriental Af
fairs. Dr. Graham H. Stuart and
Professor Albert L. Guerard taught
in the University of Hawaii during
the summer of 1930.
