# Correction
## 
### 
In Tuesday's article. "Police nab cy
clists, ticketing expectcd."The Daily
misrepresented Ariane Tom 11 in a
quotation about bicycle law enforce
ment. Tom's quote implied that she
habitually biked through stop signs:
in actuality, she was only offering a
reason why students might bike
through stop signs.
In Friday's article. "Day spreads
body love in White Plaza," Iho I)aiiy
inaccurately reported that Direct* >i
of the Sexual I larassment Polio I
fice Laraine Zappcrt spoke at the
Love Your Body Day event. It w .m,i
fact her daughter. CAPS Fellow
Laurel Zappcrt, who encoui . • \|
students to boycott mirrors atui
their bodies.
In Tuesday's article. "Police nab cy
clists, ticketing expectcd."The Daily
misrepresented Ariane Tom 11 in a
quotation about bicycle law enforce
ment. Tom's quote implied that she
habitually biked through stop signs:
in actuality, she was only offering a
reason why students might bike
through stop signs.
In Friday's article. "Day spreads
body love in White Plaza," Iho I)aiiy
inaccurately reported that Direct* >i
of the Sexual I larassment Polio I
fice Laraine Zappcrt spoke at the
Love Your Body Day event. It w .m,i
fact her daughter. CAPS Fellow
Laurel Zappcrt, who encoui . • \|
students to boycott mirrors atui
their bodies.
In Tuesday's article. "Police nab cy
clists, ticketing expectcd."The Daily
misrepresented Ariane Tom 11 in a
quotation about bicycle law enforce
ment. Tom's quote implied that she
habitually biked through stop signs:
in actuality, she was only offering a
reason why students might bike
through stop signs.
In Friday's article. "Day spreads
body love in White Plaza," Iho I)aiiy
inaccurately reported that Direct* >i
of the Sexual I larassment Polio I
fice Laraine Zappcrt spoke at the
Love Your Body Day event. It w .m,i
fact her daughter. CAPS Fellow
Laurel Zappcrt, who encoui . • \|
students to boycott mirrors atui
their bodies.
In Tuesday's article. "Police nab cy
clists, ticketing expectcd."The Daily
misrepresented Ariane Tom 11 in a
quotation about bicycle law enforce
ment. Tom's quote implied that she
habitually biked through stop signs:
in actuality, she was only offering a
reason why students might bike
through stop signs.
In Friday's article. "Day spreads
body love in White Plaza," Iho I)aiiy
inaccurately reported that Direct* >i
of the Sexual I larassment Polio I
fice Laraine Zappcrt spoke at the
Love Your Body Day event. It w .m,i
fact her daughter. CAPS Fellow
Laurel Zappcrt, who encoui . • \|
students to boycott mirrors atui
their bodies.
In Tuesday's article. "Police nab cy
clists, ticketing expectcd."The Daily
misrepresented Ariane Tom 11 in a
quotation about bicycle law enforce
ment. Tom's quote implied that she
habitually biked through stop signs:
in actuality, she was only offering a
reason why students might bike
through stop signs.
In Friday's article. "Day spreads
body love in White Plaza," Iho I)aiiy
inaccurately reported that Direct* >i
of the Sexual I larassment Polio I
fice Laraine Zappcrt spoke at the
Love Your Body Day event. It w .m,i
fact her daughter. CAPS Fellow
Laurel Zappcrt, who encoui . • \|
students to boycott mirrors atui
their bodies.
In Tuesday's article. "Police nab cy
clists, ticketing expectcd."The Daily
misrepresented Ariane Tom 11 in a
quotation about bicycle law enforce
ment. Tom's quote implied that she
habitually biked through stop signs:
in actuality, she was only offering a
reason why students might bike
through stop signs.
In Friday's article. "Day spreads
body love in White Plaza," Iho I)aiiy
inaccurately reported that Direct* >i
of the Sexual I larassment Polio I
fice Laraine Zappcrt spoke at the
Love Your Body Day event. It w .m,i
fact her daughter. CAPS Fellow
Laurel Zappcrt, who encoui . • \|
students to boycott mirrors atui
their bodies.
