# Wilbur Announces Essay Prize Winner
## 
### 
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
Chancellor Ray Lyman Wilbur of
Stanford University announced this
week that the annual prize of $100
given by the Colonial Dames for the
best essay on American colonial his
tory was awarded this year to Miss
Llewellyn Gould, of Sedalia, Mo. Her
subject was "Peter Stuyvesant in
History and Folklore."

SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 20
(UP). —Three prisoners escaped from
the new wall-less Chino State Prfeon
during the last 24 hours, Clinton
Dully, warden of San Quentin Pris
on, who controls Chino, announced
today.
