# MEDICAL APTITUDE TEST
## 
### 
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
The Medical Aptitude Test will be
given this Friday at 2 p.m. in Room
214. This test must be taken by all
students who wish to enter medical
school in June of 1943. There will
be a $1 fee payable at the time of
the examination.
