# DISTANCES IN AIR RAIDS ON JAPAN
## 
### 

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.

(Acme Teleplioto)

THIS MAP GIVES YOU an idea of the obstacles in distance to be overcome in any bombing raids on Japan.
Shown are distances from United Nations bases to Tokyo, reported raided by U.S. bombers, and distances
of previous U.S. raids in the Pacific theater of war.
