# WUS Winter Drive Planned
## 
### 
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
"For Better and for WUS" was
announced yesterday on red-and
white signs throughout the cam
pus as the slogan for the annual
Winter Drive, which will be con
ducted next week.
The drive for funds for World
University Service will get under
way to the strains of a German
band at noon next Monday.
WUS is ar. organization of stu
dents from 38 countries aimed at
providing medical care, housing,
textbooks and educational neces
sities to students and universities
throughout the free world. To
help forward these aims, ,$1 mil
lion was raised last year through
drives similar to Stanford's Win
ter Drive.
Scholarships are an important
part of the WUS program, and
Stanford has two Hungarian stu
dents supported partially by WUS
funds.
