# Student Will Sing Old Hebrew Songs
## 
### 
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
Anion Shenker, a Stanford jun
ior, will sing Hebrew songs at
"Music Hall, a program of music
of specific Jewish interest," at
the Palo Alto Community Thea- j
ter Sunday at 8:15 p.m.
Congregation Kol Emeth is j
putting on the program which
will present music from the late
Middle Ages.
