# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
AUGUST 16th
"THE
MAKROPOULOS
SECRET"
By KAREL CAPEK
Author of "R.U.R."
A Fitting Climax to a Most
Successful Summer Season
of Drama
Direction of
GORDON DAVIS
AUGUST 16th
