# MARRIAGE ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
William Haslem Salt, Jr., '31, yester
day afternoon announced his marriage
to Mary Winsniger of San Francisco.
Salt is a member of the Theta Delta
Chi fraternity.
