# CAPPER VISITS CAMPUS
## 
### 
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
Senator Arthur Cappor or Kansas
was a visitor at the Hoover home
Thursday.
