# BOMBING EXPERT WILL TALK
## 
### 
From violinist to bombing expert is
the change which the outbreak of the
war made in the career of Lieutenant
Turpin of the French army, who will
give the next series of war informa
tion talks Thursday afternoon at 4:15
in Assembly Hall. The French of
ficer has chosen "Life at the Front"
as his subject and will describe army
life as he experienced it in the sec
tors to which he was attached in ser
vice. He will also lay special em
phasis on the use of bombs and gren
ades in warfare in the front line
trenches.
Lieutenant Turpin is at present sta

tioned at Camp Fremont as an in
structors in bombs and grenades. As
he is unable to get away from his
duties at the camp in the morning his
lecture here has been scheduled for
the afternoon.
Decorated for bravery in service,
Lieutenant Turpin wears on his uni
form the distinguishing stripes
granted by the French for wounds re
ceived in action.
At the meeting of the French Club
last Thursday evening Lieutenant
Turpin was one of the officers who
gave talks in French 011 subjects con
nected with the war.
