# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Clark announced the
engagement of their daughter, Laura,
to Mr. Carl L. Hubbs, '14, at a lunch
eon given last Saturday in San Jose.
Roth are graduates and have master's
degrees from Stanford. Miss Clark,
'15. has been teaching in the Mathe
matics department. Hubbs is assistant
curator of the field museum of natu
ral history at Chicago. The wedding
Is to take place June 15.
