# Philosophy Programs Criticized
## 
### PAM LANG 
In the Stanford philosophy depart
ment "the history of philosophy is
taking second place to an attempt to
make older philosophers fit into the
pattern of contemporary philosophy,"
acording to David Cornberg, a junior
philosophy major.
This was the most important single
criticism leveled at the "dogmatism"
of the "nominalist" department in an
informal meeting last night of six
undergraduates and one graduate
student called by Cornberg and Jeff
Wattles, a senior.
Definition Of Ideal
After the group had lengthily and
"productively" tried to formulate a
definition of the ideal department of
philosophy, Cornberg expressed four
major disagreements with the "dog
matic" philosophy, or method, of the
Stanford department.
He and Wattles successfully pre
sented these criticisms to Prof. Don
ald H. Davidson, executive head of
the philosophy department, earlier
this year.
Pluralism
Cornberg first objects to "a plur
alism of viewpoints" which he relates
to medieval nominalism. This atti
tude, that "there are a million view
points, each different," leads to the
"radical implication" that "the only
aproach to the history of philosophy
is a jumping from philosopher to
philosopher," and "undermines any
attempt to classify."
Cornberg's second criticism con
cerns "the place of the study of for
eign languages in the study of philos
ophy" and"the problem of transla
tions." He cited a "lack of concern for
the original text" since, he claims,
"every translation is an interpreta
tion."
Secondary Sources
The third concerns "the place of
secondary sources," which are not
recommended by some professors
here. "Insofar as the professor dis
courages secondary sources," said
Cornberg, "he establishes himself as
the principal secondary source."
Cornberg finally objected to many
professors' inherent "presupposi
tions" about their subjects, at least
one of which he himself has demon
strated to be false.
