# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
dytyfore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORDSTUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Gtrlij/e
J JEWELERS
533 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
