# Asian Educational System Will Be Subject of Series
## 
### 
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
Dr. T. H. Silcock, chairman of
the University of Malaya's eco
nomic department, will outline the
problems of a university in south
eastern Asia at tonight's Tuesday
Evening Series presentation in
Memorial Auditorium at 7:30 p.m.
Born the son of the head of
West China Union University's ed
ucation department, Dr. Silcock
took his doctorate in economics at
Jesus College, Oxford. After
teaching stints at the University
College of Exeter and the School
of Economics, Dundee, he went to
Singapore, where he accepted a
professorship in economics at Raf
fles College.
Dr. Silcock was captured as a
Japanese prisoner of war while
participating in the street fighting
which preceded the fall of Singa
pore to Japanese troops in 1942.
With some other prisoners, he
persuaded the Japanese to allow
the founding of the Changi Pris
oner of War University, where he
served as dean of arts and profes
sor of economics.
Dr. Silcock has served as a UN
economics consultant on Asia and
the Far East and as fiscal adviser
to the government of Sarawak.


DIt. T. II. SILCOCK
Malay Economics Professor
