# Hall Reports Survival Rate
## 
### 
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
The annual Registrar's report,
which was recently made to presi
dent Wallace Sterling and provost
Frederick E. Terman, stater! that
of the 1268 freshmen who entered
Stanford in the 1956 autumn quar
ter 89/1 per cent are now continu
ing as sophomores.
The Class of '."57 showed a four
year survival rate of 77.1 per cent,
highest since records were started
in 1921.
"The main factor in these high
survival rates," commented Dr.
Harvey Hall, registrar, "is that
greater competition for the lim
ited number of places in the fresh
man class is constantly raising
our standards of admission. Thus
we ate getting a higher quality of
student with a belter chance of
continuing to an A.B. degree."
The Registrar's report is dis
tributed in booklet form to the
administrators of schools which
send students to Stanford.
