# Dill Places In Debate Contest
## Takes Second in After-Dinner Speaking 
### 
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
Marshall Dill, taking second in the
after-dinner-speaking contest, came
back from Los Angeles the only
Stanford speaker to place in the
five-day annual Pacific Forensic
League Conference held at U.C.L.A.
last week.
The debate team of Jim Hill and
Bob Mallett were eliminated by the
University of Arizona and U.C.L.A.
after having defeated Southern
California and Whitman College.
Both Arizona and U.CJ.L.A. won over
the Stanford team by 2-1 decisions.
Arizona finished up to win the de
bating competition. Art Groman of
Southern Cal took first place over
Dill in the after-dinner-speaking as
the result of a second balloting by
the judges, the first result giving the
two speakers a tie for first place.
Mallett was eliminated from the
extemporaneous speaking and Dill
from the oratorical contest. Coach
Lee Chapin was elected secretary
treasurer of the Pacific Forensic
League for the coming year. Next
year's conference will be held at
Willamette College at Salem, Ore-
