# Giant Telescope Mirror Reaches Cal Tech
## 
### 

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)

HERE'S THE 20-TON, 200-INCH DISC for the world's largest telescope as it arrived at the Cali
fornia Institute of Technology at Pasadena where during the next two years it will he ground and
polished. The huge disc was cast at a Corning, N.Y., glass factory, and brought across the country
by train. (A.P. Photo)
