# Seniors Plan Dance on Campus Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
The dance which the class of 1925
plans to give in the Women's Club
house is to be tomorrow night, rather
than Friday, as was erroneously an
nounced Wednesday.
It is thought that possibly some
ardent queeners would like to change
their dates at the last minute. How
ever, according to A1 Smith, president
of the class, any extra trouble taken
will be well repaid as he expects the
affair to be somewhat out of the ordi
nary.
The usual tax of $1.10 will be levied
at the door.
