# Sale of Football Tickets.
## 
### 
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
The sale of football tickets has
progressed favorably and all of the
best seats have been disposed of.
Up to three o'clock this afternoon
Treasurer Barrett reports the total
sale to be $2,817. The theater tick
ets were sold on the quad this
morning and 200 of the best seats
were taken. The seats on sale
comprise the main floor and bal
cony. The boxes, though under
student body supervision, are on
sale at the box office of the Califor
nia Theater in San Francisco.
Both football and theater tickets
will be placed on sale at the Book
store in the morning and all tickets
not sold by the end of the week will
be sent to San Francisco for sale.
The intercollegiate football poster
has been received and will be on
sale at the Bookstore to-morrow at
twenty-five cents.
