# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
& A
fl Some arc born
m| grcnt, some achicve
greatness and some ™
fl have greatness M
■ thrust upon them. _
You are the latter.
■ We at R A are
thrusting the H
P| greatest values
of the year on you ®
wk right now during
■| the After-Easter
special event.
■ Why you can now
■ purchase a pair of m
slacks at $14,
g $17, $21 or $24. H
These are also m
■ SUPER VALUES.
■ Stop in and see Pff
for yourself.
