# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
• Joanie
Cowell
'62 Vice-President
! ! IT'S^ARLYLFs"
for
FINE DIAMONDS
Th# Peninsula's leading
diamond specialists
218 University Avenue
Downtown Pal# Alto
