# Meeting of Young People's Societies.
## 
### 
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
There will be a union social and re
ception to Paul Brown, the State
Evangelist, at the Congregational
church on Friday evening, November
27, at 8 o'clock.
