# Trouble Over Rugby Championship.
## 
### 
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
The Rugby teams of Palo Alto and
San Jose high schools have been hav
ing a great deal of trouble over the
championship of Santa Clara county.
As the Palo Altans have defeated the
San Jose team two games, they claim
the championship. San Jose denies
this and says they deserve another
game as the winner of the San Jose-
Santa Clara contest, and that it has
always been the custom that the Palo
Alto boys should play the victorious
team.
At a meeting of the Referee's Union
in Oakland it was decided that three
games should be played, all of which
San Jose must win to possess the
coveted honor. The Palo Altans, how
ever, refuse to play the extra games,
stating, as a reason, that, they have
disorganized.
