# Violin Recital By Arthur Hartmann.
## 
### 
The Fortnightly Music Club has se
cured the services of Arthur Hart
mann, the eminent violinist, for its
professional concert. Hartmann is
recognized by competent critics as
being a very sincere and capable vio
linist. He brings with him as accom
panist and pianist, Alfred Calzin, who
is also a musician of international
repute.
The concert will be given at The
Playhouse in Palo Alto, on the even
ing of Wednesday, December 2. Tick
ets will be placed at The Bookstore
and at the Stanford Pharmacy on the
morning of Friday, November 27. On
that day the active and associate mem
bers of the club may exchange their
coupons for reserved seats. Beginning
with Saturday morning the sale will
be open to the public. The price of
the tickets will be one dollar.
