# Untitled Article
## 
### 

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.

VOLUNTEER BARBARA WYLIE, of Eastern Michigan University, is an
English teacher in Katmandu, Nepal. She's shown teaching in a school
she started for children of neighborhood servants. Normally these
children would receive little or no schooling.
