# By Next Fall...
## 7,000 PCV's To Be Selected 
### 
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
By next fall 7.000 new Peace
Corps Volunteers will he serving
overseas, many filling completely
new assignments in the 48 countries
requesting additional Volunteers.
Applications are now being received
from students eligible to enter train
ing in January and June for these
programs.
Projects will begin training on
a monthly basis beginning in Feb
ruary, although the major in-put
will be in the summer months.
Students who apply now will be
notified within one month il they
will be accepted.
1 ibcral arts majors will fill most
of the new assignments in teaching
and community development work.
Teacher-training courses will be in
cluded in the training program for
teacher training projects. Prior
teaching experience is not required
for Volunteers assigned to ele
mentary and secondary classrooms.
More than half of the Volun
teers serving overseas are engaged
in some type of teaching. Many of
these Volunteers did not major or
minor in education.
The most frequent request from

host country governments is for
Volunteers who can teach in the
public schools. Government offi
cials are aware that no lasting
progress can be made through tech
nical advancements until the popu
lace reaches an adequate educa
tional level.
Some university-level assignments
will require advanced degrees. The
requirement for a secondary school
teaching job is usually only a bach
elor's degree.
Volunteers assigned to commu
nity development will seek to help
rural and urban communities organ
ize to meet their own needs. I.iberal
arts majors with experience in youth
club work, recreation programs,
farming and construction are gen
erally assigned to these programs.
A college degree is not required
for all community development pro
grams.
A Volunteer working in this type
program in Colombia defined the
work as "group education through
physical projects." Volunteers seek
to get a community to work to
gether on such projects as building
a new health center, school or road.

projecting the idea that "in unity
there is strength."
"When a community realizes that
it can work together to meet its
own needs in this manner," the
Volunteer said, "then major attacks
can be made on the whole spectrum
of social, educational and health
problems."
Among the 7.000 new Volunteers
will also be doctors, nurses, medi
cal technologists, vocational teach
ers. physical education workers,
foresters and agricultural special
ists.
Spring programs will utilize 656
Volunteers in community develop
ment work. Countries include
Somalia, Malaya, Thailand, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican
Republic. Jamaica, Panama, Vene
zuela and Nigeria.
Teachers and health workers will
serve in these countries, as well as
Kcuador, Nepal. India. Togo, Iran
and Tanganyika.
For a complete listing of oppor
tunities by skill and country with
training dates, write the Oflicc of
Public Affairs, Peace Corps. Wash
ington, I). C. 20525.
