# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
The University of Washington has
organized a rooter's club with 200
charter members.
