# Three Candidates File for Elections
## 
### 
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
Three candidates have filed nomi
nation blanks in the first day of
nominations for this quarters' ASSU
elections.
The students are Dave Brown
wood, sophomore Excom represen
tative; Pat Schulzc, freshman sec
retary-treasurer; and Janice Hun
ter, senior Excom representative.
Other students wishing to run in
the election may obtain blanks from
the ASSU office, and turn them in
any time before Thursday at 5 p.m.,
at which time nominations will
close.
Declinations will be due Friday.
