# SLIDES TO BE SHOWN
## 
### 
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
The Hispanic American Studies
Department will show colored slides
on Brazil in Room 243 this morning
at 9. Everyone interested in seeing
these slides is cordially invited to
attend.
