# PUNTING CUP AWARDED
## K. L. FENTON, '08, HONORED BY QUADRANGLE CLUB. Silver Football Trophy To Be Given Hereafter for All-Round Kicking. 
### 
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
The punting cup offered by the
Quadrangle Club has been awarded
to K. L. Fenton, '08, on the rec
ommendation of a committee com
posed of Football Coaches Lanagan,
'00, and Bansbach, '05, and Cap
tain Chalmers, '07. The action is
the result of the following motion
of W. H. B. Fowler, '06, passed at
a meeting of the Quadrangle Club
held last night at the Phi Delta
Theta house: "That the Quadran
gle Club award for one year the
punting cup to the man whom the
coaches and captain declare the
best all-round kicker during the
football season." The cup will be
held by Fenton one year, when it
may be re-won. It becomes the
personal property of the man who
first wins it three times. The cup
was awarded the first time last
year to W. H. Dole, '05, the points
considered being accuracy, distance
and height* Owing to some con
fusion on the part of the judging
committee as to just what the cup
was donated for, it was not awarded
until last night, when the Quad
rangle Club defined the conditions
under which it was offered. The
committee of judges recommended
that if all-round kicking was to be
the criterion for the award of the
cup, it should be given to Fenton.
The cup is a silver loving cup,
offered by the Quadrangle Club in
1903 to encourage punting, in
which branch of football Stanford
had previously been weak. It was
not awarded at the end of the 1903
season owing to the confusion in
keeping the records. According to
the present award, the winner will
have the right to keep the cup for
one year from date.
Fenton was captain and quarter
back of the victorious 1908 eleven,
and it was largely due to his punt
ing that the intercollegiate Fresh
man game was won. Both in 1904
and last year he was a prominent
candidate for the position of Var
sity quarter. He played third base
on the Varsity baseball team last
spring. Fenton is a member of the
Kappa Sigma fraternity and regis
ters in the Law department from
Portland, Oregon.
