# Women to Wear Caps and Gowns.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
At a meeting of the Senior women
held in the chapel yesterday a
motion was passed that during the
remaining weeks of the semester
the women members of the class
appear in their caps and gowns on
Thursdays and Fridays of each
week in addition to wearing them
on Assembly days, as has been the
custom in the past.
