# Freshman Class Yell is Selected.
## 
### 
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
The committee appointed by
President Naylor to choose a
Freshman class yell met this noon
andiselected the following:
Naughty-nine, Rah, Rah! Naugh
ty-nine, Rah, Rah!
Naughty-nine, naughty-nine, iStan
ford!
(to repeat)
The committee will submit it to
the class for adoption at the next
meeting, Thursday, March Ist.
