# 'The Lonely Guy' just not funny
## 
### STEVE VINEBERG 
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
When I described The
Lonely Guy to a friend, his
response was, "Oh. no — an
other nail in Steve Martin's
coffin." It you love Steve
Martin as much as I do, you
walk into a picture like The
Lonely Guy praying it will
be a hit, because Martin's
last three releases —
Pennies from Heaven. Detui
Men Don't Wear Plaid and
1 he Man with Two Brains —
bombed at the box office,
even though he was terrific
in all three. But who could
recommend The Lonely Guy
to anyone?
It's one of the least funny
comedies I've seen in years,
and for the first time Mar
tin seems unable to come up
with a character or more
than two or three
memorable routines. His
frenzied, hyperbolic persona
has vanished; he walks
through so much of the
picture that Charles

Grodin, as a fellow "lonely
guy" who acts as the hero's
adviser, steals it from him.
Grodin, exposing his bald
spot for the first time — he
looks like a tweedy type
gone seedy — employs his
adenoids to hilarious advan
tage. and he carries his lines
with long sighs, so you sense
that the character has
barely enough stamina left
to finish his sentence.
Three screenwriters
(including Neil Simon) are
credited with the script,
based on a Bruce Jay Fried
man book called "The Lonely
Guy's Book of Life," but the
movie doesn't contain
em ugh comic ideas to fuel a
five-minute trailer, and
when a rare funny bit
surfaces, the director, Ar
thur Hiller, grinds it merci
lessly under his heel.
Friedman aimed to parody
depression: the film
provokes it.


Steve Martin
