# 'BIG CHIEF' FIGURES THIS ONE OUT
## 
### 

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.

ON HIS WAV TOWARD some more gained yardage, Norm Standlce looks over the situation in last Sat
urday's game against U.C.L.A. That big Bruin on the left seems determined, but Gene Coldiron has seen
his duty and is about to do some helpful blocking.
