# Menlo Defeats Frosh Soccermen
## 
### 
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
Frosh soccermen lost 5-2 to a
rallying Menlo team yesterday af
ternoon. The Cards held the Menlo
team 2-1 at the end of the first half,
but lost out when the J. C. men
piled up four scores in the second
half.
In the first quarter of the game,
Menlo made the first point, which
was quickly followed by a score for
the Indians by Howard Park. In the
second quarter Hugh Alvord booted
the point for Stanford. The third
and fourth quarters were all Menlo's
game.
The starting line-up was as fol
lows: Crary, goal; Curley, Elliott,
fullbacks; Bryan, Berry, Grannis,
halfbacks; Richards, Davalos, Al
vord, Chapot, Park, forwards.
The Stanford Jewel Fund was es
tablished in 1905 when Mrs. Stan
ford asked the Trustees to sell her
collection of jewels and to purchase
library books with the proceeds.
