# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I: pHiLPS-reftttei. j
-HBIFITBMI iH nwririWTTg*i
ATTENTION
KING-SIZE MEN
You can have a suit tailored
to your measure for very
little more than a ready
made.
PHELP S - TERKEL is the store
Phelps
Terftel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
