# Joseph L. Jacobs
## 
### 
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
Joseph L. Jacobs, a 1965 Stan
ford graduate, died Wednesday
in a Vietnam hospital after be
ing wounded when the truck in
which he was riding struck a
mine.
Jacobs was Fine Arts Editor
for volumes 146 and 147 of The
Stanford Daily and also worked
with Ram's Head, the student
drama group. His funeral will
be held in Northridge, Calif.,
next week.
