# Players Give 'Richard III'
## 
### JACK LITTLE 
The Stanford Players' production
of "Richard III" will be presented
tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday at
8:15 p.m. in the Memorial Auditor
ium, featuring original music by Dr.
Leonard Ratner, Stanford's new or
chestra director.
"Thee principal purpose of the
music is to heighten dramatic val
ues projected in the play," said Dr.
Ratner. "It will be employed during
inter-scene transitions, and more
particularly as a medium to heighten
certain moods. For instance, the
dissonant quality of the opening
music is designed to reflect the per
vading air of tragedy in the play.
The harmonies used are modern in
dissonance, but old in the use of
modal degrees."
Dr. Ratner, who received his Ph.D.
in musicology at the University of
California, has held the George Ladd
Prix de Paris in musical composi
tion, which he studied at the Julliard
Graduate School of Music under the
noted Frederick Jacobi. He will
direct a seven piece orchestra in
the music for "Richard III," employ
ing clarinets, trumpet, trombone,
horn, and percussion.
Musicians composing the orchestra
are Helen Bellini, Elizabeth Holms,
Nash Getchell, Arthur Miller, Rob
ert Miller, Paul Kaufman, and Rob
ert Irvine. According to Dr. Ratner,
they are doing a splendid job.
Incidental music for dramatic pro
ductions is not unfamiliar to Dr.
Ratner, who has worked with the
Greek Theatre at the University of
California. However, he praises the
work done by the Players and their
director, Dr. A. Nicholas Vardac, on
"Richard III" as "something special.''
Tickets are still on sale at the of
fice of the secretary of the Speech
and Drama Department, Memorial
Auditorium, at 90 cents each. Addi
tional ticket information may be ob
tained by calling 22041.
