# IFC Plans Open Houses Next Week
## 
### 
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
All fraternities will hold open
house Tuesday and Thursday of
next week for all non-fraternity
men, said Pete August, Interfrater
nity Council president. Hours are
from 7 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, and
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. on Thursday.
August emphasized that these
functions are not rush affairs. The
formal rushing period begins next
quarter, Jan. 8. The open houses
this quarter are merely "periods of
orientation" for freshmen and any
non-fraternity men who are consid
ering fraternity life.
At the council meeting last night,
a!l fraternity men voiced the sug
gestion that visitors to the open
houses not stay in any one place
more than 20 or 30 minutes.
"Just excuse yourselves," August
suggested, "and try and take in all
24 of the men's Row houses. This
will give freshmen an introduction
to fraternity life, and allow them
to go home over the Christmas holi
days and discuss their interests
with friends and family," he con
tinued.
Mimeographed copies of rushing
rules will be distributed to Encina,
Toyon, Village, and fraternity
houses, said August. Off - campus
men may obtain copies at the In
terfraternity Council office in the
Union Building. Office hours are
Thursday and Friday, 1:30 to 3:30
p.m., and Tuesday from 3:15 to 5:30
p.m.
