# Frosh Tankers, Paly High Mix in Rematch
## 
### 
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
Stanford's once beaten frosh
water polo squad will attempt to
avenge that single mar on an oth
erwise perfect record this after
noon*whcn they tackle Palo Alto
High at 4:15 in the Encina pools.
