# Theile to Manage Porterville Team.
## 
### 
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
W. C. Theile, '08, has been chosen
captain-manager of the Porterville
team in the Outlaw League. Theile is
one of the best slabsters that ever
represented Stanford on the mound.
