# NEW AMENDMENT GIVES DAILY EDITOR VOTING POWER.
## 
### 
Amendmentâ€”The editor of the Daily
Palo Alto Khali be an ex-officio mem
ber of the Executive Committee of the
Associated Students with (he same
privileges as regularly elected mem
bers.
This amendment was adopted as an
advisable measure by the University
Conference at its last meeting, and
will be submitted to the Student Body
at Wednesday's election.
The original amendment covering
tiiis point as drawn up by members of
the Executive Committee has been
withdrawn, so that the Conference
amendment is the only one up for con
sideration. The former did not give
the Daily editor a vote in the Execu
tive Committee. The latter was posted
on the University bulletin board in
sufficient time to make Wednesday's
vote on it legal.
