# Tickets for Dedication.
## 
### 
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
Applications for tickets for the

Dramatic Festival to be given in
connection with thededication of the
Greek theater at the University of
California are being made at the
Registrar's office. A general invi
tation was extended to the Stanford
faculty. Scenes from Aristophane's
comedy, "The Birds," will be given
in Greek by students of the uni
versity.
