# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is every reson for gratifi
cation over the outcome of Satur
day's football game. The Varsity
entered the contest with big odds
against it. A much heavier team,
with a longer period of practice,
was naturally regarded as having
the advantage. The Stanford team
levelled the difference in weight
and length of preliminary work in
a manner that presents very favor
able hope for succeeding games.
Such an auspicious beginning will
do much to make the entire season
a highly successful one. The ab
sence of fumbling may be taken as
an evidence of what we shall con
tinue to expect from the men in
the way of thorough and careful
work. The showing by the bleach
ers was again commendable, and
the team was given the support
that must be an accompaniment
of every succeeding contest.
