# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
— Harvard's football schedule
calls for twelve games, of which
ten, including the one with Yale,
are to be played on the Cambridge
campus.
