# Will Lecture in Chapel.
## 
### 
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
Miss Gail Laughlin, who will lec
ture in the chapel tomorrow night,
is one of the most brilliant college
women in the United States. As a
student she made an enviable name
for herself, and to the reputation
she gained in college she has added
by her work aB an attorney-at-law.
She is thoroughly at home with her
subject and will surely give a very
interesting talk on "The Progress
of Government." The lecture will
begin at 8.
