# Freshman Seconds Defeat Sophomore Hockey Squad
## 
### 
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
Scoring two points in the last quar
ter, the freshmen women's second
hockey team defeated the 1929 aggre
gation 3 to 1 yesterday afternoon on
Roble field. Benetta Merner, freshman
wing, who made two of her team's
points, twice carried the ball almost
half the length of the field, once to
pass to Georgia Finnerty, who scored,
and once to shoot the ball into the
goal herself.
Page Bradshaw made the single
point for the sophomores early in the
last quarter. Aileen Hicks did some
good dribbling and passing for the
sophomores, but had not sufficient sup
port to carry through for a score.
