# OFFICIALS DECLARE CAMPUS KITCHENS CREDITABLY CLEAN
## 
### 
Campus kitchens are creditably
clean but there is still room for im
provement, according to the health
department of Palo Alto which in co
operation with the University is pro
viding regular inspection this year
for the first time. Of the nine eating
places included in the recent report
only two, the Union and Encina dining
halls were given a rating of perfect
celanliness in their kitchens.
Fraternities and sororities are now
being inspected and a further report
will be made.
A supervision of the milk supply is
also maintained and the dairies regu
lated. "Palo Alto guards the purity of
local milk more carefully than any
town I know," declares Dr. W. W.
Barrow, of the University Board of
Public Health, "The town and Univer
sity co-operate in enforcing health
regulation on the campus."
All local dairies are inspected and
their products graded according to
quality and freedom from bacteria and
the result made public, says Dr. Bar
rows. While campus groups buy dif
ferent grades of milk, the quality of
most runs from ninety-two to as high
as ninety-six per cent. How long the
milk stands before being put in the
ice box has much to do with the
number of bacteria present.
