# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
Men now living at Sequoia Hall
and tho Union who wish to re
serve their rooms for winter quar
ter should call at the Dean of
Men's office Thursday or Friday,
December 9 or 10.
