# "THE WAY" LISTED AS RECENT PUBLICATION OF UNIVERSITY PRESS
## 
### 
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
"The Way," a study in play form by
Princess Lazarovich - Hrebelianovich,
with a foreword by Dr. David Starr
Jordan, is listed among the new publi
cations of the Stanford University
Press.
Christ and evolution are the theme of
the book, which constitutes an appeal
for the union of religion and science
for the advancement of humanity. Rs
author was formerly Eleanor Calhoun,
an actress famous in this country and
In Europe. She was born in Visalia,
and attended the San Jose State
Teachers College for a time, complet
ing her education in London and Paris.
Since her marriage in 1903 to Prince
Lazarovich-Hhrebelianovich of Jugo
slavia, she has devoted herself to
tlie political liberation of her adopted
people.
Of her thought as expressed in "The
Way" Dr. Jordan says in the fore
word: "She appeals to Religion to cast
aside her medieval impedimenta, her
armor of ignorance and prejudice, ac
cumulated in uncritical ages. On the
other hand, she asks Science to lift
lier eyes from material forces and
physical details toward the exalted
region traversed by the spirit of
Christ. Toward this consummation,
an appeal rather than a conventional
drama, 'The Way' is devoted."
