# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
Photofime
Custom color prints in one
hour. We are located across
from Nivens supermarket.
Stanford Shopping Center
