# Clash-Sterling Vs. Greenberg
## 
### 
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
Bili Sterling, president of
the Institute of International
Relations, and Barry Green
berg, editor of the Daily, can
be heard on KZSU, 880, to
night at 8 p.m. debating the
editorial which appeared in
yesterday's Daily concerning
Dr. Linus Pauling and the
Senate Internal Security Sub
committee.
