# Yankees Even Series
## 
### OSCAR FRALEY 
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
PITTSBURGH (UPI i — Stubby
Whitey Ford's shutout pitching
and the thunder of the New York
Yankee bats buried the Pitts
burgh Pirates in the worst shut
out defeat in World Series his
tory yesterday, 12-0, to send the
classic into a sudden death sev
enth game.
Records tumbled all over an
cient ivy-covered Forbes Field as
Ford scored his second shutout of
the Series after only three days
rest by pitching a seven-hitter
which squared the Series at three
games each.
It was little W hi t e y ' s 14th
World Series appearance and it
was a gamble by Manager Casey
Stengel, undecided until game
time whether to use Ford or Bul
let Bob Turley in this do-or-die
contest.
Old Casey chose the little south
paw and Ford, staggering at
times during the early innings,
pulled himself together and
scored the seventh Series victory
of his career to tie a mark held
jointly by two other Yankee
greats Red Ruffing and Allie
Reynolds.
And the Yankees, growling at
themselves before the game for
trailing a team which thev

thought they should have beaten
long sinee, gave their little clutch
ace more than enough help.
Handing the Pirates a third
trouncing over the six games thus
far player), they ran their total
runs for the Series to a record
46 and their hits to a new mark
of 78 rubbing out the 43-run to
tal of the 1936 Yankees and Ihe
74-hit total fo the 1912 Giants.
And lit tip Bobby Richardson,
driving in three runs with a pair
of triples, ran his run batted in
total to a record 12 breaking the
record of 10 set by Yogi Berra in
1956 and tied last year by Ted
Kluszewski of the Chicago Red
Sox.
But it was Ford, in the midst
of the cascading records, who did
the job before a crowd of 38,580
sorrowful spectators and won it
all by himself by knocking in the
very first Yankee run in the sec
ond inning -the only run he
really was going to need.
Yet, in a way, it was a costly
victory for the Yankees, because
it cost them the services of
catcher Elston Howard. He was
struck on the right hand by a
pitch by loser Bob Friend in the
second inning and went out of
the Series with a fracture.
