# GRADUATE DANCE
## 
### 
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
Graduate women will sponsor an
informal garden dance at Lagunita
Knoll (the former home of Presi
dent Wilbur) this Saturday, April
27. They have issued a general in
vitation to all veterans and grad
uate men to attend this largely no
date affair.
