# THE 						INFORMER
## 
### 
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
Applications for manager of The
Informer, movie guide last pub
lished before the war, must be
handed in to Nada Skidmore, Pub
lications Council chairman, by 6
p.m. Wednesday. Excom will de
spring at its meting that night.
