# LAGUNITA: EASTER TEA
## 
### 
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
Lagunita sponsors yesterday pre
sented an Easter tea for over 100
women in the Adelpha social room
of the Court. Decorated with Walt
Disney rabbits and chickens, the
tea honored residents and their
guests. Head Sponsor Gloria Cas
sidy was chairman.
