# RED CROSS TYPISTS
## 
### 
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
The Red Cnits in Palo Alto needs
volunteer typists. All who can give
some time during the week should
call the "Y' and give their names.
