# Staff Meeting
## 
### 
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
FOR two weeks now, the garrulous authors
of these three columns have so filled the
available space that this usual Friday morning
item has disappeared into the linotype's melt
ing pot. But, believing that the third time may
be the charm, we would like to announce that
the weekly Sunday Morning Stanford Daily
Chowder and Marching Club will gather at 12
noon Sunday in Ye Olde Shacke.
Everyone—tryoutees, copy readers, reporters,
even Our Hasher—is welcome at the meeting.
HCE's hold a short session at 11 while the NE's
meet with the editor at 11:30.—Ferris Boothe
