# BRAZIL STRIKE
## 
### 
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
A three-day bank holiday was
called in Brazil when several thou
sand bank employees went on
strike.
