# 'Y' Open House Today Invites Whole Campus
## 
### 
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
The entire campus is invited to
the weekly Y.W.C./V open house,
which will he held Ihis afternoon
from 3 to 4:30 in the "Y" rooms
of the Women's Clubhouse. Stu
dents can talk, play bridge, cat.
and relax at Ihe affair.
The open house is a Y.W.C.A.
tradition which is being brought
back to the Farm under the direc
tion of Chairman Betty Welling
ton. Jean Hanson and Malkali
Wolper arc in charge of tomor
row's get-together.
