# NAZI PUPPET
## 
### 
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
A people's court will try Ferine
Szalisi, former Nazi puppet Premier
of Hungary, Feb. 5.
