# Cleveland to Hold Another Fireside
## 
### 
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
Cleveland Hall will continue its
program of coziness with another
fireside this Friday night. Locale,
Arguello and Alvarado; time, 8:30;
and added attractions, cider and
cookies.
In view of the favorable reports
on the music at the last fireside,
social chairman Jim Sheehy has ar
ranged a similar recorded program
for this Friday. Spotlighted will be
the danceable discs of Count Basie,
Charlie Barnet, and Stan Kenton.
