# Groups May Apply To Sponsor Reg Dance
## 
### 
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
Student organizations wishing to
sponsor the Spring Quarter Keg
Dance must apply at A.S.S.U.
President Hob Kennedy's ollicc
this afternoon between I and 3,
Kennedy announced. Those not
applying this afternoon may come
to Excom tonight to present bids.
Selection of the sponsoring or
ganization will be based on need
for proceeds, and plans for the
dance, Kennedy said. Sponsor will
be chosen at tonight's Excom
meeting in the Exconn room of
the Old Union at 7:wo.
Excom will also discuss possible
reorganization of the Stanford
branch of the National Student
Federation of America. Kennedy
said. Composed of colleges over
the country, the NSFA has been
inactive at Stanford since liM.'i.
