# STUDENTS URGED TO WORK ON FARMS
## 
### 
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
A letter urging college students to
spend their summer vacation at farm
labor has been received by President
Wilbur from E. T. Meredith, United
States Secretary of agriculture. There
is a special need for such help this
year, according to Secretary Meredith,
because of the importance of maintain
ing a normal production of food in the
face of a shortage of farm labor that
promises to increase as the summer
advances. "Unquestionably," says Sec
retary Meredith, "there is sufficient
man-power in the schools and cities to
relieve the farm labor situation this
summer. I believe the men will re
spond when they learn the conditions,
and so afford another practical demon
stration of the neighborly and co
operative spirit which characterized
the country's war efforts.
Although the pay of the farm labor
er is not as much as some other in
dustries, Secretary Meredith points out
that the student should remember that
he is in a position to save a larger
proportion of his wages in the coun
try than in the city.
College men desiring to help in this
way, and not knowing where their ser
vices are most needed, should com
municate with the Director of Agri
cultural Extensian at the Davis Farm
School.
