# Stanford Represented At Hoover Conference
## 
### 
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
Herbert Hoover addressed repre
sentatives of twenty-one colleges at
the Hotel Biltmore in New York re
cently at a conference called to for
ward the Hoover candidacy. The con
ference lasted the greater part of the
day.
Reports were presented by each of
the delegates showing that in all the
colleges the sentiment already strong
for Hoover, and in most of them he
would have a*majority vote against the
field were a vote taken at this time.
The meeting was not public. Hoover
spoke briefly and then answered ques
tions put to him by the men. These
questions covered a very wide range,
and all were answered with definite
ness and frankness. The colleges rep
resented were. Princeton, Amherst,
Simmons, Cornell, Dartmouth, \\ il
liams. Brown, Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, Yale John Hopkins,
Southern California, Wisconsin, Hamil
ton, Bryn Mawr, Clary, Lafayette, Har
vard. Swartlimore, Pennsylvania, Ice
land Stanford and Rutgers.
Stanford was the farthest college to
be represented. Frank Walker, '18,
representative of Stanford, lives in
New York and a telegram fronr here
secured his services in the above po
sition.
