# Noted Japanese to Speak.
## 
### 
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
Professor lvakichi Mitsukuri, a
noted zoologist of the Imperial
University of Tokio, Japan, will
speak in the chapel Wednesday
evening, November 30th. His sub
ject will be "The War in Man
churia and Its Probable Effect on
Japan."
