# Untitled Article
## 
### 
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
White Vksts. — Thev give the
finishing touch to smart dressers.
We are making a specialty of these
for this week. You ought to have
three or four; if not, you will need
at least one. Prices $2.75, $3.00,
and $3.50. Frazer tfc Co.
Wanted.—Twenty-five energetic
students who possess lots of "vim"
for special outside work for about
two months during vacation. To
such as can qualify we will pay
from $55 to $70 per month. For
particulars call on
Geo. T. Pratt,
Room 55, Encina Hall.
Ice Cream, Ice Cream Soda, and
full line of Fine Candies at the
University Candy Stork, branch
of Umphrey's, Palo Alto.
Full-dress Suits to rent, $2.50.
Misfit Clothing Parlors, (up
stairs) 23 Stockton street, S. F.
