# Mural Tennis Men Must Sign at Gym
## 
### 
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
Intramural tennis players are
warned to place the names of their
organizations as soon as possible on
the sign-up sheet which will be
posted on the Encina Gym bulletin
board early next"week. It is im
portant that matches begin early be
cause of the bad weather, which may
prevent the completion of the tour
nament by the end of the quarter.
