# Rifle, Pistol Club Opens Competition
## 
### 
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
Competition between members of
the Rifle and Pistol Club will begin
Wednesday night, the club decided at
tiie opening meeting for this quarter
on January 13. The interclub compe
tition will be in both rifle and pistol
shooting, with trophies given at the
end of six months.
The club accepted a number of
challenges for matches, for which
practice started and new rifle and
pistol teams were formed. There is
yet room for more members on both
teams, according to President Harry
Ogilvie.
Those on the rifle team are: Presi
dent Ogilvie, Secretary - Treasurer
Robert Kahn, Rita Szekeres, Duncan
Robertson, Cameron Hall, Robert
Wunne, Thorburn Rieven, Bill Long
hurst, and Ross Raymond.
Pistol team members are Ogilvie,
Kahn, Szekeres, Hall, Longhurst,
Keith Haworth, Harry Tracy, Mike
Macomher, George Flateau, and Phil
Colin.
Captain John F. Bird is faculty ad
viser.
