# High Scorer
## 
### 

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.

HANK LLISETTI
High score man isi Stanford's
power house victory over eastern
champs. Long Ma ml Slate, he will
show his stuff tonight in the Pa
vilion.
