# Cal Game Ticket Sale Opens Monday
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
Rooters' tickets for the first Cali
fornia-Stanford basketball game will
go on sale Monday and Tuesday,
January 18 and 19, according to Don
Liebendorfer, News Director for the
Board of Athletic Control. The price
of the tickets is 40 cents. They may
be obtained from the B.A.C. ticket
ofiice between the hours of 8:30 and
5 o'clock.
The first: game of the Califomia-
Strnford series will be held in the
Berkeley Pavilion, on Friday night,
January 22,
NEWMAN, Jan. 14 (UP). — Two
men and a woman were instantly
killed when their light automobile
was struck by a Southern Pacific pas
senger train at a crossing near here
today.
