# Juniors Will Meet Monday.
## 
### 
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
Several important matters of bus
iness will come up before the meeting
of the Junior Class called by Presi

dent H. C. Warren for Monday at 1:10.
This will be a full c ass meeting and
on account of the important business
to be considered a large attendance
is desired. Besides the report on the
finances of the Plug Ugly, matters
dealing with the stunts for the big
game will also be discussed.
