# DENVER STOCK SHOW
## 
### 
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
DENVER, Jan. 7 (UP).—The cow
country's first big stock show since
the outbreak of war opens Saturday
in Denver and tonight show offi
cials declared that "prospects were
never better for smashed records in
all departments."
