# Ted Schroeder Gains Sugar Bowl Victory
## 
### HAP EVERETT 
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
Ted Schroeder, new Sugar Bowl
net champion and probably the num
ber one tennis amateur in the U.S.,
returned from New Orleans Monday
with a good word for the great
southern sports festival.

Ted assured us that New Orleans
easily supported its new wealth of
sport and said the Sugar Bowl festi
val was "a wonderfully-balanced
program." The Stanford netter,
seeded number one in the invita
tional tournament, triumphed over
Francisco Segura in the finals to
take Bitsy Grant's place on the Su
gar Bowl throne. Teamed with
Gardner Mulloy,- he reached Ihe
semifinals in the doubles.

Ted sat through a heavy rain to
watch Fordham squeeze by Missouri
on New Year's Day, but reported
that the rest of the sports program
was not bothered with bad weather.
He left New Orleans too early to
watch Albert and Lindskog perform
in the Shrine game.

Ted likes Stanford's chances in
conference tennis this spring and
doesn't believe the team will be hit
heavily by national defense, al
though the government has ordered
an end to the manufacture of tennis
balls.
