# Axis Radio Tells Of Huge Pacific Naval Conflict
## 
### United Press 
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
Reports of an extensive naval bat
tle in the western Pacific between
a large Japanese force and a com
bined group of British and Ameri
can warships were widely circulated
by Axis radio stations late Wednes
day.
None of the reports could be con
firmed but an indication they might
be correct was seen in Tokyo broad
casts quoting Japanese imperial
headquarters as asserting that the
brittle was under way.
Announcements of the Imperial
Headquarters, over which Emperor
Hirohito of Japan has personal su
pervision, usually have been correct
in the past insofar as they went.
German, Italian, French Indo-
China, and Tokyo radio stations all
were quoted as circulating the re
ports, based on alleged information
given out in Tokyo, and some of the
reports claimed that one American
battleship had been sunk and an
other damaged.
