# P.O. BLACKOUT HOURS
## 
### 
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
In accordance with blackout regu
lations the Stanford Post Office will
close at 6 p.m. on week days, ac
cording to Ralph Evans, postmaster.
On Sundays and holidays the post
office will close at 2 o'clock in the
I afternoon.
