# JACK VOLUNTEERS FOR ARMY
## 
### 

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.

(Acme Tclephoto)
JACK DEMPBEY, (lie oh! Manassa Mauler, receives his physical ex
amination from Captain John E. Greene after his surprise effort to get
into the United States Army as a private. Dempsey, 46. must be ap
proved by the War Department, as he is over age. Me was listening to
President Roosevelt's speech when he suddenly determined to enlist.
"I've been upset ever since the Japs bombed Pearl Harbor," he said.
