# MORRIS GOES EAST
## 
### 
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
Dean Morris of the School of En
gineering left Tuesday for the East
