# Gov't Costs Up
## 
### 
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
Sincc last July 1 the U.S. govt,
has spent $3,000,000,000 (three bil
lion). Income for the period was a
mere one and a half billion. F.R.
cxpccts to make the expenses hit
nine billion by July this year.
