# Hall Clubs Will Hold Dance in Toyon Lobby
## 
### 
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
Toyon-Branner holds another of
iis series of interclub dances tomor
rcw night. Under the direction of
Branner Chairman Milt Friedman,
dancing will commence at 9 o'clock,
end at midnight.
The last dance near the end >of
autumn quarter was under direction
of Toyon members, so although this
will be again in Toyon lobby, Bran
rer men will arrange the details.
