# "DR BULL" (Fox)
## 
### 
In the role of the provincial New
England doctor, Will Rogers presents
another of his sincere, homely char
acterizations. Misunderstood by his
fellow citizens, who favor more
modern and showy methods, Dr.
Bull sticks to his old principles. In
the end, he is vindicated when he
discovers a valuable serum. All
Rogers' fans will enjoy this slow
moving, but substantial picture. Un
usual scene: Rogers arriving late to
choir-sing, trying to out-shout his
fellow vocalists in order to hide his
embarrassment. â€”Brill

Honoring the new women entering
this quarter, the Union Unit will
give a tea Sunday afternoon from 3
until 5 o'clock. The tea will be given
in the Women's Clubhouse. Jane
Leighton is in charge of the ar-
Jangements.
