# ONE KINDRED AND NINETEEN STUDENTS RECEIVE NOTICE.
## 
### 
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
One hundred and nineteen students
received warnings this morning as a
result of the action taken by the
Scholarship Committee on the mid
semester faculty reports. This num
ber is very slightly less than were
sent out last year at this time.
Several students received notice of
deficiency in one subject, but the
above number includes only those
cases that were up before the com
mittee in which the student had un
satisfactory marks in two or more
subjects.
