# TRY-OUTS TO BE GIVEN TOMORROW AFTERNOON.
## 
### 
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
The men's try-out for the casts of
the miracle plays to be staged by the
English Club will take place Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in room 212 of
the English building. Professor L. E.
Bassett, faculty member of the club's
executive board, will have charge of
the try-outs and will coach the plays.
The first of next semester has been
selected as the most suitable time for
the revival of the miracles. The club
contemplates staging three of these
productions.
