# Additional Names in Glee Club.
## 
### 
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
Through an ommission in the list as
submitted to the Daily Palo, the names
of J. E. Mclnerny, '13, and P. Jones,
'13, were not included as among those
making the Glee Club in the final try
out.
