# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.

Fleet and fifty
Alphonse Juilland, chairman of the Department of French
and Italian, won the 50 and 100 meters events for men 50-
and-over at the Northern California Senior Olympics
earlier this month.
