# WRENN TO TALK AT FROSH DISCUSSIONS SUNDAY AT ENCINA
## 
### 
Gilbert Wrenn, instructor in edu
cation and secretary of the voca
tional department, will speak on
"Success at college from the voca
tional standpoint" and lead an open
forum on that subject in the Encina
lobby next Sunday night at 6:20
o'clock.
This meeting, which was post
poned from last Sunday, is being
held under the auspices of the
Young Men's Christian Association.
All freshmen are invited.
If this meeting proves popular,
similar Sunday evening sessions
with other prominent faculty mem
bers will be arranged. Professors
Harris J. Ryan, Edgar E. Robinson,
Yamato Ichihashi, and Bailey Willis
are among those who addressed
freshman discussion groups last
year and may be available for talks
again this year.
