# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
Scalpers, sophomore men's
honor society, announces the
election of the following men:
Phillips Munay
Peter Don lon
Stuart Pett
C. Bardin Schvveen
Hugh Miller
Homer Boushey
Ken AfTlerbaugh
Nelson Gray
Ben Eastman
Jack Pike
Fred Fowler
Jcny Hampton
Walter Boese
