# ADMIRAL BYRD ILL
## 
### 
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
BALTIMORE, Oct. 29. OP)—Rear
Admiral Richard E. Byrd was con
valescing at his hotel here today
from an attack of ptomaine poison
ing despite which he gave two lec
tures here yesterday and said he
plans to keep other speaking en
gagements in Philadelphia lonight
