# BRANNER ELECTIONS TO BE HELD TONIGHT
## 
### 
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
Branner elections for the offices
of secretary of Branner Club, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative will be held tonight
between 7 and 0 o'clock, instead of
last night, as reported in yester
day's Daily.
Candidates for offices arc: Verne
Brown and Lincoln Rode for secre
tary; Sloan MeCormick for senior
representative; Rawson Holmes and
Russel Neilson for sophomore repre
sentatives.
Only members of Branner Club
will be permitted to vote. Ballots
will be obtainable in Branner lobby
this evening during election hours.
