# GRADUATES AWARDED YEAR'S SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### 
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
University graduate scholarships
for the current year have been
awarded to the following, according
to an announcement from the Presi
dent's Office today: Ogden VV. Bo
denheimer, Ruth H. Parrish, Mar
garet Ball, Cyril J. Attwood, Walter
T. Bogarl, Hazen C. Carpenter, Sid
.ney C. Madden. Edward A. Tappan,
Norman Waldorf.
The first two in this list will hold
scholarships for four quarters; the
others tor the autumn, winter, and
spring quarters.
