# SWAIN ANNOUNCES APPOINTMENTS TO STANFORD FACULTY
## Carr, Stanford Graduate, Placed In Education Department 
### 
Dr. William George Carr, Stan
ford graduate, now assistant direc
tor of the Research Division of the
National Education Association at
Washington, D.C., has been ap
pointed associate professor of Edu
cation at Stanford. This announce
ment was made by Acting-President
Robert E. Swain yesterday, follow
ing confirmation of the appointment
by the Board of Trustees last week.
Dr. Carr will begin his duties at
Stanford next summer. He was
graduated from the English depart
ment in '24, and later received his
Master's degree and Ph.D. from the
Stanford School of Education. Vari
ous positions he has occupied in
clude assistant director of research
of the N.E.A., director of the re
search for the California State
Teachers Association, professor of
education at Pacific University, Ore
gon, and a teacher at Glendale High
School.
New C,E. Instructors
Other appointments, not previ
ously announced, confirmed by the
Board of Trustees, include Allan
Meadowcrolt and John Gordon
Sutherland, acting instructors in
Civil Engineering. Both are gradu
ate students at Stanford at present.
Meadowcroft, '26, has been con
nected with the Hetch Hetchy Water
Development, the California State
Division of Water Resources, and
has been assistant hydraulic engi
neer of the United States Reclama
tion Service.
Sutherland, a graduate of the Uni
versity of Toronto, has had engi
neering experience with the Cana
dian Pacific Railway Company.
Gorjiam Chosen
Dr. Curtis B. Gorham has been
appointed instructor in surgery at
the Medical School, and Dr. William
W. Reich 'clinical instructor in the
Department of Public Health and
Preventive Medicine in that school.
The resignation of Professor Wal
demar Fcnn Dietrich of the Depart
ment of Mining Engineering was
accepted by the Board. Professor
Dietrich is absent on sabbatical
leave this quarter.
