# PRESIDENT HIDES
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 29. (/P) —'The
newspaper Universal has been ad
vised by a correspondent that Wash
ington Luis, ousted president of
Brazil, has taken refuge in tin-
Mexican Embassy at Rio de Janeiro.
