# BIG JIM' GETS TIP FROM SARAZEN
## 
### 

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)

James A. "Big Jim" Farley, chairman of the democratic national
committee, gets a few pointers on golf from Gene Sarazen at Miami,
Fla., where leading democrats established temporary headquarters dur
ing President-elect Roosevelt's fishing trip. (Associated Press Photo)
