# Nomad Group To Visit Paly Quakers Sunday
## 
### 
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
Kay Thorburn, head of the Nomad
Church group, announces that the
first visit of the Nomad group will
be to the x Quaker church in Palo
Alto, ' Sunday, February 19. The
group will meet at 10:30 o'clock in
the morning in the "Y" rooms.
Transportation will be provided.
Any students who may be inter
ested in joining the Nomads are
asked to call the chairman at 6242
or Mrs. - David Lamson, Y.W.C.A.
secretary, at 4301.
