# Adv. 19 Page 8
## 
### 
life
through.
the
eye
of
the
lens.
\
Shoot
for
The
Dally.
We are currently
looking for people
who are Interested
In photography. If
you want the chance
to take pictures of
such celebrities as
Mikhail Gorbachev,
Tom Brokaw,
Summer Sanders or
Sarah McLachlan,
we want you.
No experience Is
necessary. Call Sarah
or Sasha at 5-2100
for more Information.
Or attend our
Orientation meetings
on Wednesday and
Friday at noon in our
office. Its located in
the Storke Student
Publications
Building, at the cor
ner of Santa Teresa
and Lomita.
life
through.
the
eye
of
the
lens.
\
Shoot
for
The
Dally.
We are currently
looking for people
who are Interested
In photography. If
you want the chance
to take pictures of
such celebrities as
Mikhail Gorbachev,
Tom Brokaw,
Summer Sanders or
Sarah McLachlan,
we want you.
No experience Is
necessary. Call Sarah
or Sasha at 5-2100
for more Information.
Or attend our
Orientation meetings
on Wednesday and
Friday at noon in our
office. Its located in
the Storke Student
Publications
Building, at the cor
ner of Santa Teresa
and Lomita.
life
through.
the
eye
of
the
lens.
\
Shoot
for
The
Dally.
We are currently
looking for people
who are Interested
In photography. If
you want the chance
to take pictures of
such celebrities as
Mikhail Gorbachev,
Tom Brokaw,
Summer Sanders or
Sarah McLachlan,
we want you.
No experience Is
necessary. Call Sarah
or Sasha at 5-2100
for more Information.
Or attend our
Orientation meetings
on Wednesday and
Friday at noon in our
office. Its located in
the Storke Student
Publications
Building, at the cor
ner of Santa Teresa
and Lomita.
life
through.
the
eye
of
the
lens.
\
Shoot
for
The
Dally.
We are currently
looking for people
who are Interested
In photography. If
you want the chance
to take pictures of
such celebrities as
Mikhail Gorbachev,
Tom Brokaw,
Summer Sanders or
Sarah McLachlan,
we want you.
No experience Is
necessary. Call Sarah
or Sasha at 5-2100
for more Information.
Or attend our
Orientation meetings
on Wednesday and
Friday at noon in our
office. Its located in
the Storke Student
Publications
Building, at the cor
ner of Santa Teresa
and Lomita.
life
through.
the
eye
of
the
lens.
\
Shoot
for
The
Dally.
We are currently
looking for people
who are Interested
In photography. If
you want the chance
to take pictures of
such celebrities as
Mikhail Gorbachev,
Tom Brokaw,
Summer Sanders or
Sarah McLachlan,
we want you.
No experience Is
necessary. Call Sarah
or Sasha at 5-2100
for more Information.
Or attend our
Orientation meetings
on Wednesday and
Friday at noon in our
office. Its located in
the Storke Student
Publications
Building, at the cor
ner of Santa Teresa
and Lomita.
