# PHOTOGRAPHERS MEETING
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
There will be a meeting of ail
Daily photographers and people
interested in becoming Daily
photographers at 3 p.m. today in
the photo lab in the Storke
Publications Building. The
meeting will consider the
reorganization of the photo
department and election night
coverage.
