# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
Lake Lag Closes
Lake Lag- will be closing
Sunday. Anyone wanting to
take canoes out of lockers
should get authorization from
the ASSU Office.
