# Environmentally sound Directory underlines the importance of recycling
## 
### 
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
It is encouraging to see that this
year's Stanford Directory, which is dis
tributed to faculty, staff and employees,
is printed on recycled paper and uses
biodegradable ink.
Such an action is a positive step in
closing Stanford's recycling loop — we in
the Stanford community are not truly
recycling unless we use and purchase
goods made from recycled products.
Sorting materials into different colored
bins is only the first part of the recycling
equation.
Recycling paper saves landfill space
(nearly 50 percent of our landfills are
filled with paper products,) saves trees
and produces far less air and water pol
lution than producing paper from wood.
Furthermore, the quality of recycled
paper is now virtually indistinguishable
from non-recycled.
Thanks, Stanford Directory, for tak

ing the lead in this important yet action
able area. I hope departments on cam
pus follow this lead. Central Stores now
carries a full line of recycled paper!
Beverly Rockhill
Programmer, Center for Research in
Disease Prevention
