# Bridge Club to Hold Tournament Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
Stanford's Bridge Club will hold
its weekly tournament again tonight
at 7:15 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
All bridge players on campus are
invited to attend, and the best
teams will win rating points and a
carton of Chesterfield cigarettes.
Winners will be determined by
comparison with the scores of other
players.
