# Auto Travel File Helps Kind Rides
## 
### 
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
The auto travel file was installed
this morning in the lobby ol the
Main Library by Alpha Phi Omega,
campus service fraternity.
The file will list spring vacation
rides available to any state in the
Union. The file is for the use of
those with cars who want passen
gers, as well as those who wish
rides.
Individuals should contact others
who have filed in the appropriate
state areas, which include a- break
down into southern and northern
California.
The project was initiated last
quarter and met with a fine recep
tion and great approval, according
tti Bill Gullikson, project chairman.
He hopes that an increased number
of vacationists will take Advantage
of the file thi', quarter.
