# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
Nkakly every student likes to
wear some sort of an emblem of his
school or college. Thic Bookstore
has just received the most attract
ive line of Stanford emblems ever
offered here. These comprise watch
fobs and charms, clasp- and stick
pins, hat-pins, and Stanford souve
nir spoons. Many of them are
modifications of the University
seal, an emblem which is becoming
very popular.
