# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
Burk, a junior from Alamo*
Calif., took over third base last
year after moving up from the
frosh squad. He had a very line
year, hitting . 2S(> and fielding
.942. Burk showed he can hit
lb.* long ball and won some im
portant games with his clutch
blows. Coach Fehririg consid
ers him a key infield tnan. Ma
jor: Foli Sei.

Gillis, a senior from Buffalo,
N.Y., has seen limited action
with the varsity the past two
years. He hart an ERA of 2.Si)
for the Braves last season. This
tricky left ■ hanrter has more
stuff than any other Tribe
inoiinrtsman. If he can improve
in the control department he
could he a hifj help. Major:
Psychology.

("Meet (lie Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JIM KI'RK
Third Base


JOHN (iII.MS
Pitcher
