# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
Mirlo House announces the en
gagement of Mar jorie Nurse, '60,
to Christopher Smith, Princeton
'56.
