# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
Schutzmann although a soph
omore has moved onto this
year's starting nine. lie was
lead-off man for the frosh last
year and top percentage leader
with a .379. A strong arm and
the ability to move quickly
make Schutzmann an outstand
ing fielder. Home town: Mill
Valley. Major: Russian Lan
guage.

Lindeman, a sophomore from
Lodi, was the top frosh hurler
last yar. This left-hander has
a nice curve and fast ball; con
trol is good and getting belter.
Off to a fine start this season
with a 3-1 record, he should
make a big difference in the
squad. He has thrown a five
hiter this year. Major: Chemi
cal Engineering.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


HAI. SCHUTZMAN
Shortstop


TERRY LINIIEMAN
Pitcher
