# Lane B Barriers
## 
### 
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
The barriers across Lane B are
being moved back to allow deliv
ery trucks to park nearer the
store, according to Mrs. Helena
Bauchou, manager of the Book
store.
She warns students to keep their
cars out of this Lane, for the po
lice will ticket cars found there.
