# Board Elects Law Students
## 
### 
Fifteen advanced law students
have been voted onto the board of
editors of the Stanford Law Re
view. president Lawrence Sheehan
announced last Friday.
They are Joseph W. Hart let I,
William C. Deans, Maxwell M.
Freeman, Norman If. Garey, Dale
E. Ha list, Michael G. lioimes.
Frank it. Lucas, Lester J. Mazor,
Robert J. Miller. Kendyl K. Mon
roc, Finest R. Pinkerton. William
G. Pusch, Paul A. Randour, Ed
ward J. Riordan and Joel 11.
Sharp Jr.
Students are selected for Law
Review on the basis of scholastic
standing at the end of the first
year. After serving a period as
writers and researchers they be
come eligible for the editorial
board.
Stanford moot court board has
elected eight new members, chair
man Michael J. Keady announced
last Friday.
Included are Carry 11. Biggs,
Stephen C. Birdlebough, Rudi M.
Brewster, Robert Caplan, Richard
B. Leavitt, Jerry H. Robinson,
Thomas R. Shaver and Paul A.
Wayte.
Candidates for moot court board
are advanced students who did
exceptionally well in their first
year moot court and have main
tained high scholastic standing.
