# Scholarships Now Available
## 
### 
Scholarship applications for
the 26th annual Writers' Confer
ence at the University of Colo
rado are being accepted through
April 30.
Eight nationally known writers
will be on hand from July 20 to
Aug. 7 to lead workshops de
signed to enable writers to ex
change ideas.
Scholarships will be awarded
undergraduate or graduate stu
dents under 30 years of age show
ing promise as writers and a de
sire to improve techniques.
Applicants should secure a
recommendation from their Eng
lish department or creative writ
ing program pertaining to their
talent and promise. This, with an
application letter and writing
samples, should be sent to Miss
Margaret Robb, director, 26th
Writers' Conference, University
of Colorado, Boulder.
