# Lists Open for Tresidder Com
## 
### 
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
' Signup lists for the Tresidder
Union committees are now posted
outside the ASSU office.
Students may sign for the inter
views for positions on the commit
tees of the ASSU Union Board, to
be held 3-6 p.m, Monday, according
to Union Board Chairman Ray
Cairncross.
In commenting on the type of
person his board is seeking. Cairn
cross sai<V “We need a special
kind of person to meet the chal
lenges offered by the positions

open on Tresidder committees.
We’re looking for people passion
ately interested, who are willing
to cooperate with others and de
vote time and energy to the realiz
ation of Tresidder Memorial Un
ion.”
“The University will necessarily
control the financial administra
tion. but what goes into it in the
way of programs, ait exhibits, rec
ords and tapes for the listening
rooms will depend on the student
Union Board.”
