# Free Africa Speech Today
## 
### 
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
“Africa’s Struggle for Free
dom’’ will be the topic of a
speech by Kumar Goshal at
7:30 tonight in Room 101,
Physics Corner.
Born in India, Goshal is the
Foreign Editor of the “Nation
al Guardian,” a weekly news
magazine, and the author of
two books on foreign affairs.
Goshal has recently return
ed from an 18-week tour of
Africa, Israel, and India.
While in Africa the American
journalist obtained personal
interviews with major Afri
can leaders.

The speech is sponsored by
the 1.1. R.
