# Law School Forum For Undergrads
## 
### 
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
A special Law School Informa
tion Forum will be presented to
morrow night from 7 to 8 in Cub
bcrley Auditorium by the Stan
ford Today and Tomorrow com
mittee.
Purpose of the program, said
program chairman Bill Butler, is
to provide undergraduates with
information about all phases of
law schools.
Speakers will be J. Keith Mann
and William T. Keogh, Associate
Deans and professors of the Stan
ford School of Law, and Robert
A. Horn, professor of political
science.
Among topics to be discussed,
said Butler, are law school en
trance exams, realistic appraisal
of qualifications necessary to be
admitted to a top law school, cur
rent curricula at law schools and
current opportunities in the field.
