# Panel to Discuss Science Careers
## 
### 
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
A panel discussion for freshmen
considering careers in engineer
ing. physical science, or mathe
matics will be held tonight at 7 in
the Soto lounge.
Dr. J. M. Pettit, dean of the
School of Engineering, and Dr. L.
I. Schiff, executive head of the
Physics Department, will discuss
questions regarding the difference
between science and engineering.
Following the panel students may
ask questions.
