# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In view of the great interest which
has always been shown in the affairs
of the Student Guild, it is not sur
prising that its latest move of secur
ing lunds by means of a charity ball
should be receiving such hearty sup
port. There is nothing unusual in
this, however, for at Stanford all
deserving things are supported either
morally or practically. The prac
tical support which tie (Juild has
always commanded must be a mat
ter of congratulation with the trus
tees.
In view of the great interest which
has always been shown in the affairs
of the Student Guild, it is not sur
prising that its latest move of secur
ing lunds by means of a charity ball
should be receiving such hearty sup
port. There is nothing unusual in
this, however, for at Stanford all
deserving things are supported either
morally or practically. The prac
tical support which tie (Juild has
always commanded must be a mat
ter of congratulation with the trus
tees.
In view of the great interest which
has always been shown in the affairs
of the Student Guild, it is not sur
prising that its latest move of secur
ing lunds by means of a charity ball
should be receiving such hearty sup
port. There is nothing unusual in
this, however, for at Stanford all
deserving things are supported either
morally or practically. The prac
tical support which tie (Juild has
always commanded must be a mat
ter of congratulation with the trus
tees.
In view of the great interest which
has always been shown in the affairs
of the Student Guild, it is not sur
prising that its latest move of secur
ing lunds by means of a charity ball
should be receiving such hearty sup
port. There is nothing unusual in
this, however, for at Stanford all
deserving things are supported either
morally or practically. The prac
tical support which tie (Juild has
always commanded must be a mat
ter of congratulation with the trus
tees.
