# G.E. To Search Farm for Men
## 
### 
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
A representative of General Elec
tric will be on campus Monday and
Tuesday, Oct. 19 and 20, to interview
men trained in engineering and
physics who are interested in the
company's work.
Interviews are being scheduled
through the appointment service in
the Administration Building for
those men interested in following
some field in General Electric.
Senior and graduate students who
are trained in all branches of me
chanical engineering, or in physics
and chemistry should register with
the appointment service for future
interviews, particularly if they are
available for employment after
graduation.
Men entering the armed forces may
also register for purposes of record
so that the appointment service may
be of assistance to them in finding
private employment after the war.
