# Oportunity Open For Concertists
## 
### 
Young musicians will be given an
opportunity to appear as soloists
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra at the final concert of its
31st season through a contest an
nounced yesterday by radio station
KGO.
Pianists, harpists, and performers
on all string, woodwind and brass
instruments used in the orchestra
who are between the ages of 16 and
28 arc eligible to compete. They are
to play from memory a concerto or
other equivalent work.
Entries should be filed with Alfred
Frankenstein at Radio City, San
Francisco, before Dec. 1. Included
in the judges are Professor Herbert
Jan Popper of Stanford. Warren D.
Allen is a member of the jury for
the final concert, set for April fi,
1943.
