# History, 1942
## 
### TED NORTON 
ihe Lincoln-Douglas contest immortalized the
debate between candidates. Nearly every election,
mayoral to presidential, is the occasion of a chal
lenge from one or more candidates daring each
other to "meet them on the same platform, face
to face" and "man to man,'" to argue the issues of
the campaign.
Such a debate was held last Sunday in San
Francisco between Governor Olson and Attorney-
General Warren, candidates, as it is generally
known ofT-campiis, for California's governorship.
After a prepared statement from each candidate,
the evening was devoted to asking and answering
questions.
Warren, a Republican running on a non-partisan
platform, attacked Olson for putting politics into
state defense measures, and for failing to summon
the Legislature for war action needed. Olson, a
Democrat, \defended himself vigorously. Bitter
words were snapped back and forth, and the audi
ence cheered and booed both candidates. As the
sponsors of the debate announced, the decision is
left to the voters, Psov. 3.
