# Loofbourow Is Sunday Pastor
## 
### 
Leon L. Loofbourow, pastor of the
Richmond Methodist Church, will
deliver the sermon at the services
Sunday morning, Oct. 18, at 11 in the
Memorial Church. The topic will be
"This Business of Being a Discov
erer."
Dr. Loofbourow received the A.B.
at Stanford, 1902; S.T.B. at Boston
University, 1905; A.M. and D.D. at
College of the Pacific, 1913 and 1928.
He has held pastorates in Oakland,
San Jose, Burlingame, Modesto,
Honolulu, and Balboa, C.Z. Dr. Loof
bourow is the author of two books.
His son was one of the 21 who re
turned the axe to Stanford.
The music for the service will be
presented by the university choir
under the direction of Warren D.
Allen.
Joseph M. Running, assistant uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Sunday afternoon organ re
cital at 4 on Oct. 18 in the Me
morial Church. The program will
include "We All Believe in One
True God," "Hark, a Voice Saith,"
"All Are Mortal," and "In Dulci
Jubilo" by J. S. Bach; "Aria Sem
plice" and "Gagliarda" by Sigfried
Garg-Elert; "Poor Wayfaring Stran
ger" by Joseph Running; "Lead.
Kindly Light" by J. B. Dykes, and
Toccata in C minor byErnest Hal
sey.
The Reverend Thomas E. Oliver,
acting chaplain of the university,
will be the speaker at the Stanford
Episcopal Club Oct. 18. The club
meets at 6 p.m. in the parish house
on the corner of Hamilton and Wav
erly.
