# Untitled Article
## 
### 


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.


OUT TO BEAT THE COUGARS go Southern California's four ace
sprinter-footballers (top photo) left to right: Jack Trout, Howard
Callanan, Dick Browning, and Cliff Bourland. Directly above, Robert
Libee (4?)). of Oregon State, sidesteps two UCI.A tacklers; Roxie (iris
wold (foreground) and Burr Baldwin (38), but the Bruins went on to
upset OSC. 30-7. UCLA meets California tomorrow.
