# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
ASSU I
Candidates
All senate candi
dates wishing a Daily
endorsement should
sign up for an inter
view as soon as possi
ble; the lists are now
posted. COP slates are
reminded to arrange
for an interview with
the Daily editorial
board by this Friday af
ternoon.
All senate candi
dates, COP slates, fee
assessment sponsors
and ballot measure
sponsors are also re
minded to turn in their
written statements;
those for COP slates
should not exceed two
pages; all others are
limited to one page.
These are due in the
Opinions editors' box
by 10 p.m. TODAY.
