# Mem Flow, Hoo Tow, Stan Ford
## 
### 

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.

Greg Webb/Daily
Despite the fact that the Hoover Tower observing platform is closed,
persistent people can stell get a view of campus if Ihey are true
thrillseekers. This shot was taken from the roof of Memorial Au
ditorium.
