# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
I
A FLORSHEIM SHOE
gives you everything that a qual
ity shoe can give—and the cost,
based on more days of satisfac
tory service, is a real economy.
$c>
MOST C3 STYLES
cHYO\XS
174 University Ave.
