# Woodin Detects Upturn In Business Conditions
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (/P). —
Secretary Woodin said today that
business and industry had shown a
distinct movement forward in re
cent weeks and that members of the
Federal Advisory Council had re
ported to him that in every place
progress toward better times was
being made.
