# SONGS WITHOUT SENSE
## "IT STINKS" 
### OLD DR. ALGAR 
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
The hashers had served rutabaga
Too often not fresh from the
garden—
Said weary Bro. Pick ford, a waga,
"The house manager rutabaga
pardon!"
0 0 0
