# MUSIC ATTENDANTS
## 
### 
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
Attention, till persons who signed
up as Music Listening Room at
tendants:
The attendant system went into
effect yesterday. Please come at
your appointed hour. The key will
be at the desk in Union Residence.
