# LAKE LAG RISING
## 
### 
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
Lake Lagunita is rising rapidlv.
Since yesterday, if has gained 2'i>
million gallons. Yesterday, the lake
was reported to have 44 million
gallons of water. The capacity of
the lake is 118 million gallons.
