# JAPANESE DRIVE
## 
### 
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
CHANGHAI, Nov. 10 (UP).—The
Japanese drive to clear the Can
ton-Hankow railway was making
headway today despite strong Chi
nese opposition and it appeared new
battle was developing, and south of
Henyang, Chinese divisional head
quarters in south central Hunan.
Two large Japanese armies were
participating in the operation. The
first army was moving southward.
