# Unhappy Chemist Kills Self, Family
## 
### 
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
FONT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 9*(UP).
Oliver Wendell Harper, a despond
ent, unemployed chemist, wrote a
note which said:
It is for the love of this family
that I gave my soul to hell."
Then he mixed two crocks of
chemicals which gave off a poison
ous gas. He placed the crocks in
Ihe bedrooms where he. his wife,
and their three children slept, and
let the gas take the lives of the
entire family.
