# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
Contrary to announcement yes
terday, Clothes Closet's dress sale
will continue on Saturday rather
than Friday, Armistice Day. (adv.)
