# Printed Matter Postage Reduced
## 
### 
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
University departments mailing
literature in the form of books or
pamphlets will benefit by reduced
postage rates recently put into ef
fect by the Post Office Department,
according to an announcement yes
terday by Ralph Evans. Palo Alto
postmaster.
Books and pamphlets of 24 or more
pages, with a maximum of two blank
or unprinted pages, either cloth or
paper bound, can be mailed at a
cent and a half per pound. Maxi
mum weight under one cover is 70
pounds.
