# WOMAN'S DANCE AT THETA HOUSE SUCCESS
## 
### 
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
Campus women did their share in
promoting activities for the summer
quarter by giving an informal dance
at the Kappa Alpha Theta House, last
Friday night. That the effort was ap-'
predated was evidenced by the en
thusiastic attendance of over thirty
couples. A campus orchestra furnished
the "jazz," refreshments were served
and a general good time resulted.
There will probably be another dance
in the near future.
