# Forty Foot Boat is Wolford's Liner
## 
### 
B. C. Wolford, '18, former editor of
Chaparral and of tlic 1918 Quad, lias
attempted a sailing feat which would
cause tlie oldest seadogs to waver. In
company with R. F. Warren, brother of
Lance Warren, '17, a former Chaparral
editor, Woford has left San Diego in a
forty-foot sailing hoat for the Hawaiian
Islands. Wolford is an excellent sailor
and figures that lie can make the trip
safely in three weeks. It is a feat that
has never been attempted before in so
small a boat, and many arc doubtful of
the chances for success. Wolford re
cently returned from France, where he
served with the Second Stanford Ambu
lance unit in the Balkans and with the
American Army on the western front.
He expects to be back at Stanford in
October.
