# Earthy Villon
## 
### 
Dr. Arpad Barna (Stanford
'68) is, besides being an elec
trical engineer and the author
of six books on electronics and
computers, a student of
medieval history. In connec
tion with this interest, he has
translated 10 poems of the
15th-century French poet Fran
cois Villon's lyrics.
Arpad reads Villon's poetry
from the perspective of the
chaotic history of the period;
he claims to incorporate histor
ical and mythological material
not available to today's reader.
A sample: "I am the poet
Francois/born in Paris near
Pontoise/and through the rope
my neck will guess/what is the
true weight of my ass."

