# Green Library to close during Christmas break
## 
### 
Green Library will be closed from 5
p.m., Friday, Dec. 14 until 8 a.m.,
Monday, )an. 7, 1980 so that equip
ment, books and services can be
completely moved into the new East
Wing by the beginning of winter
quarter, the University Library Sys
tem has announced.
Because of the temporary closings,
students and faculty are advised by
library officials to borrow before
Dec. 14 any materials they will need
over the holidays. During the clos
ing, the reference, circulation, gen
eral stack collections, current
periodicals, maps, government
documents, special collections and
archives departments will not be di
rectly accessible.
However, to lessen the effect on

many scholars who relyon the library
over the break, materials will be
paged from the general collections
and Government Documents to the
Meyer Library Loan Desk. Request
slips should be filled out at the sec
ond floor loan desk in Meyer and the
books picked up there 24 hours later.
In addition, Government Docu
ments (497-2727), Special Collections
(497-4054) and Archives (497-4055)
will provide reference service by
phone.
The Interlibrary Loan Division will
accept interlibrary loan requests by
mail or by leaving the request forms
at Meyer or one of the research
branches. Books received from other
libraries through the program will be
available for pick-up at Meyer.
