# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
presents summer ((, Ay
formats with fr
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant
fabric finish I
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
anywhere—
offered to you
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
