# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around
flic Onud" items is 8 p.m. of
the day before publication.
