# Law Students Vie In Area Contest
## 
### 
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
Law students from Stanford
Law School and Hastings College
of Law in San Francisco will com
pete tonight at 8 at Hastings in
the northern • regional round of
the national moot court competi
tion.
Representing Stanford will he
the finalists of the Marion Rice
Kirkwood moot court competition
at Stanford. They are third-year
students William E. Murane of
Casper, Wyo., and Laurence K.
Brown of Los Angeles. They will
represent the state in a murder
conviction appeal.
The northern and southern rep
resentatives will meet later this
month in San Francisco to deter
mine the winner of the 15th re
gion. which includes California
and Nevada law schools. Region
al Winners will meet in national
competition in New York in De
cern her.
