# Subscriptions Now On Sale for Sequoia
## 
### 
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
Subscriptions to Sequoia, Stan
ford's literary magazine, are now
available, according to the Se
quoia staff.
Subscription price for three is
sues is $i.20, or $1.50 if mailed
off-campus.
The autumn edition will be is
sued on Nov. 28. Subscriptions
may be obtained before this date
by contacting the following dor
mitory representatives: Branner.
Kathcrine Huff; Rohle, Berta Si
monson; Lagunita. Diane Jepsen;
Florence Moore, Ellen Maytag;
Wilbur, Bob Guild; Stern. Dick
Katsev; Toy on, Chris Brook
house.
