# Adv. 13 Page 6
## 
### 
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
OATQ deadlines
Once Around The
Quad announcements
must be submitted in
person to the Daily office
in the Storke Publica
tions Building, on Lomita
Street between Santa
Teresa and Panama
Streets.
