# Jordan Club Will Meet.
## 
### 
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
Wednesday evening at 4:3."), the Jor
dan Club will hold its regular monthly
meeting in room 46. D. T. Fullaway,
assistant Instructor in the Entomology
department, will present, a paper on
"The Cynipid Call-flies of California."
