# Panel Set Tonight On Student Power
## 
### 
Six local and international
students will discuss "Student
Powerâ€”can it change or merely
satisfy government policy?" at
7:30 tonight at the I Center.
The panel was set up largely
in reaction to the lack of dia
logue shown between the student
community and various govern
ment leaders.
Discussion will focus on the
specific programs of student ac
tion which members of the panel
have found to be useful in in
fluencing government policy.
Local students on the panel
will be David Harris and Experi
ment Director Barry Greenberg.
International students include

Yan Yansane, leader of Pan-
African and French Union stu
dent movements; Alain Viguier,
leader in the French National
Student Union; Cesare Massa
renti, leader of the Student
Union of the University of Mi
lan and activist in the Algerian
independence movement; and
Edward Azar, head of the Youth
branch of the Arab Progressive
Socialist Party in Lebanon.
Much of the discussion will
center around the War in Viet
nam. The international panel
plans to comment both on the
student role in that war and on
parallels drawn with the French
Algeria.
