# Welcome
## 
### 

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.

Twelve Japanese students ar
rived recently to participate in
the annual Keio exchange. The
four women and eight men will
remain at Stanford until the mid
dle of Spring Quarter- During
the last month of the program,
they will stay on campus in vari
ous fraternities and residence
halls. This summer, a number
of Stanford students will go to
Tokyo, Japan, for a two week
stay.
