# JV Baseball
## 
### 
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
Stanford JVs beat CSM, 4-3,
yesterday behind the pitching
of Rod Poteete. Ron Schotto
hit a home run for the In
dians.
