# Daily Sports
## Cards Third In UW Ski Meet 
### 
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor

The Stanford ski team placed
third in the Alpine Division of
the University of Washington's
annual ski meet at Crystal moun
tain last weekend. The Huskies
and the University of British
Columbia led the field of five
varsity teams.
Royal McClure led the Indians
with a sixth place in the Down
hill and a ninth place in the
slalom. Tom Tiege took eleventh
In the Downhill and sixteenth in
the slalom.
Chris Rafferty grabbed twelfth
in the slalom and Nick Wheeler
raced to a thirteenth in the
Downhill.
Lack of funds and equipment
prevented Stanford from com
peting with a full team in the
Nordic events (jumping and
cross country).
Outlook Good
Acting team captain Rafferty
said, "We are pleased with our
performance at this major com
petition, and I am confident that
we can improve as the season
progresses."
The ski team competes this
weekend in the "Giant Wailer"
giant slalom for senior and vet
eran class racers at Mammoth
Mountain.
Climaxing the 1967 season will
be the University of Oregon In
vitational Alpine and Nordic
Chapionships at Mt. Bachelor,
Oregon, April 1-2.
The Indian skiers currently fol
low a training program set up
by Richard Street, Canadian
Olympic veteran. Stanford will
hold intensive training sessions
at Mt. Bachelor over spring
break.
