# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
To the students of Stanford Uni
versity :
I am writing this letter to an
nounce my resignation from the
position of student body president.
I have done all I am capable of
doing for the realization of edu
cation at Stanford. I feel my
contribution in the context of the
presidency has been made. A re
sponse to the questions I have
raised over the length of my term
remains in the hands of the com
munity.
DAVID HARRIS
