# Dynamic Duo
## 
### 

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.

ASSU President Dave Harris (right)
and Vice President Michael Collins
displayed their pleasure last spring
following their unexpected victory.
Harris, sans beard but with hirsute
pate intact, sports a "Home Rule" but
ton on his lapel.
