# Monday Is Deadline For Study Changes
## 
### 
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
Monday at 5 p.m. is the last time
at which changes in study lists
may be made without line, ac
cording to the Registrar's Office.
All changes are to be indicated
on the card, and all the necessary
signatures must be included before
the card will be accepted. They
are to be turned in at the informa
tion window in the Administration
building.
