# Proofs of Bawl-Out Posted at Ad Building
## 
### 
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
The Registrar's office announced
yesterday that the proofs for the
Spring Quarter Bawl-Out will he
posted in front of the Ad Building
today. The student body is re
minded to examine them for they
will be posted one day only. Cor
rections will be accepted at the
information window in the Ad
ministration building up until 5
p.m.
