# Kendall to Talk On Conservatism
## 
### 
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
Dr. Willmore Kendall, noted
political theorist, will discuss
“What Is the New Conserva
tism?’’ in a Dinkelspicl Auditori
um appearance Tuesday at 4:15
p.m.
Kendal], a professor at George
town University who taught at
Stanford as a visiting professor
during the 1958-59 academic year,
is being sponsored by the Con
servative Caucus of the Political
Union.
