# Financial Assistants Named
## 
### 
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
Robert S. Shatzcn and Sue Da
vidson have been appointed As
sistant Student Financial Man
agers for 1962-63, Fred Nelson,
Student Financial Manager Desig
nate, announced yesterday.
Shatzen, a junior economics
major from San Leandro, is pres
ently working in the ASSU office
and has served as Business Man
ager of Otero House, Holladay
House and Group I of Stanford

in-France. He is also varsity
swimming and water polo man
ager.
Miss Davidson, a junior econ
omics major from Omaha, is
presently serving on LASSU and
Publications Board, and has been
active in other campus organiza
j tions.
The two will work with Nelson
1 when the new student administra
-1 tion goes into office in September.


—Daily Photo by Bruce Wolfe
SUE DAVIDSON AND ROBERT SCHATZEN
