# PHI DELTA PHI CONFAB
## 
### 
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
Phi Delta Phi, Stanford legal
fraternity, announced yesterday that
Bob Stevens, second year law stu
dent, will leave Tuesday to he the
Farm delegate at the national Phi
Delta Phi convention at Sun Valley
next week. The session will last
through Saturday and Stevens ex
pects to return for Monday classes.
