# Briefly
## 
### 
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
Meet with Karen
Today is the last day to meet with
Karen and Jan about what you want to
do next volume. Announcements of
positions will be posted Thursday.
