# Professor Stark to Speak on Brazil.
## 
### 
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
One of the most interesting lectures
of the semester will be given by Pro
fes.-or E. C. Stark before the Faculty
Science Association on next Wednes
day. Professor Stark will lecture with
stereopticon views on Brazil. He will
deal especially with the customs and
hab'ts of the people. A feature will
be the views which were taken along
the Amazon.
