# American Chemical Society To Meet.
## 
### 
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
The American Chemical Society will
uive a banquet next Saturday night
in San Francisco. After dinner
sneeches are to be delivered by prom
inent chemists from all parts of the
country. A large number of the Fa
culty and undergraduates expect to
attend.
