# ALPHA SIGMA PHI
## 
### 
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
Daniel J. King, president; Edwhrd
Fisher, vice-president; Claude La
val, corresponding secretary; John
Sturgeon, secretary; Bud Morris,
house manager; Tom Burton, house
editor; and Claude Laval, rushing
chairman.
