# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
We wish to congratulate our
baseball men on the fine showing
which they made in their game
yesterday, and we hope that they
will continue the good work. The
only thing that has been lacking in
our team this season is self-confi
dence. The game yesterday shows
that the men can play good ball if
they will only put forth their best
efforts. The preparatory period is
now over, and the players should
begin to put on their finishing
touches and think of their respon
sibilities in the Berkeley games.
We cannot afford to fall into any
more "slumps," or take any steps
backward from our present form
if we are to win from Berkeley.
Our chances for the intercollegiate
series have looked rather dim this
season, but if our men will keep up
their present pace, we shall have
good grounds to be confident of
victory.
