# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
JOSEPH MAGNIN
Will be on campus
TUESDAY, APRIL 15th
June Grads contact Placement Service for
interviews, Monday and Tuesday, April 7, 8
