# Only One-Third Of New Freshmen Pass Matriculation Test
## 
### 
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
The result of the matriculation ex
amination for this quarter show the
new class of freshmen to average the
same as the division that took the
examination last year. Seventy-four
of the 119 new freshmen taking the
test received minuses, whereas last
quarter 298 of the 498 examined re
ceived minues.
Those not passing, are required to
take English A sometime during their
freshman year. There will be a
chance for some to transfer to Eng
lish 2 about the second week of the
quarter, providing the instructor is
satisfied that the student is capable
of going ahead in the English work.
