# Heffner to Study Drama in Europe
## 
### 
Professor Hubert C. HefTner, ex
ecutive head ol' the Speech and
Drama Department, will spend next
year on sabbatical leave in Europe.
Accompanied by Mrs. HefTner, he
will teach during the summer term
at the University of Colorado and
then go abroad.
He will make an intensive study
of the provincial theater in France
and England, especially of the na
tional subsidy and encouragement
given to the theater in those two
countries.
Professor HefTner will also be en
gaged in research at the Biblio
theque Nationale and the Sorbonne
in Paris, and at the British Museum
in London. He hopes to complete
work on a book on the melodrama
for which he has been gathering
materials for the past 10 years.
The HefTners will return to Stan
ford in September, 1951. Dr. Nor
man Philbrick will be acting head
of the University's Speech and Dra
ma Department during Professor
HefTner's absence.
