# PCC-Big Ten Talk Rose Bowl; Make No Major Changes
## 
### 
MADISON, Wis., June 21 (UP)— |
Big Ten and Pacific Coast Confer
ence Athletic officials discussed .
tickets, selection of teams, and
practice periods today in negotia
tions concerning renewal of the !
four-year-old Rose Bowl contract. |
Neither conference suggested spe
cific changes in the agreement, j
which expires after the Rose Bowl
game next January 1. But the Big

Ten said it wanted more tickets t<»
the annual contest. Last year the
Big Ten received 15,300 tickets, ap
proximately 2,500 more than it re
ceived to the three earlier games.
There was also considerable dis
cussion of the method of selection
of Rose Bowl teams. It was under
stood the Pacific Coast had re
quested the Big Ten to consider
sending its champion annually.
