# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bo J'her of
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Din! 3873 for details on
this economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of M.iyfield
1
GREETINGS
THRUTHE MAILS
ORDER
Xmas Cards
NOW
50 CARDS FOR $1.00
AND UP
THE CAMERA
SHOPPE
309 Univ. Awe. P A. 21715
