# CARDINALS MEET
## 
### 
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
Cardinals met last evening at
A.S.S.U. offices to discover that
things were rolling smoothly with
regard to the Big Game bonfire, the
Gaieties dance, and game jolly-up.
A.s no new business was raised, the
organization adjourned within 15
minutes.
