# GAME TRAIN PLANS
## 
### 
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
The .special Big Game train
will leave the Paly station at
10 a.m. Saturday in order to
get to Berkeley a little before
noon. Tickets arc $1. The train
will have coaches and an ob
servation car.
