# DEAN YOST RETURNS
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
Dean Mary Yost, who for the past
two weeks has been east attending
the national board meeting of the
Association of American University
Women, will be back in her oflicu
Monday.

"Wear a Bear" is the new fad at
Cal. Co-eds now sport tiny blue or
gold bears at parties or dances in
lieu of corsages.
