# Glee Club To Sing At Big Game Party
## 
### 
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
The Stanford Men's Glee Club will
sing Big Game Night at the Palace
Hotel, during the Big Game party,
where they will be guests of the
alumni, About 25 members will rep
resent the club, and will sing twice
in the Gold Room and once in the
Rose Room Bowl.
College songs will be sung, fea
turing a special arrangement of
"Stanford on Parade," by Mac Gor
don, and a parody on "Our Sturdy
Golden Bear" that Charles Runner,
manager, promises will make the
Californians "see red."
