# Leaders Elected by Graduate Students
## 
### 
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
To elect a board of seven members
to manage their affairs during the
coming year, graduate women at
tended a tea in the Women's Club
house yesterday afternoon. Elected
to the board were: Rosalind Beene,
Benita CaVenson, Margaret Lazza
rone, Jane Hillebrand, Lolita Ole
son, Mrs. Cornelia Hanna, and Kath
erine Quigley.
