# CARD NOMINATED FOR JUNIOR PRESIDENCY.
## Third Term as Financial Manager of 1914 Class is Suggested For Claussen. 
### 
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
F. J. Gard was nominated for the
presidency of the Junior class, at to
day's class meeting. .Miss Marjorie
Foster was named for the oflice of sec
retary and T. H. Claussen for treas
urer. No one was named for the vice
presidency.
Gard has been prominent in ath
letics since his Freshman year, win
ning liis numerals, both in football
and track, in his second and third
years, he played on the Varsity rugby
teams against California, and last seni
ester was breakaway on the All Amer
ican team that played the Australians.
Last spring, he ran one lap of the
re wd breaking relay against Califor
nia. He is a Chemistry major, regis
tering from Glendora, and a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Claussen has served the 1914 class in
the capacity of treasurer already for
two semesters, and has proven himself
adept in the management of class fi
nancial matters. He reported the
treasury to have a good balance at the
present time.
.1. L. McDonald, as chairman of the
Junior Opera Committee, reported the
selection of a suitable opera, and em
phasized the necessity of large num
bers being urged to tryout for parts.
