# MEMORIAL CHURCH STAINED WINDOWS IS LECTURE TOPIC
## 
### 
"The Stained Glass Windows of the
Stanford Memorial Church" is the
subject on which Frederick S. Lamb,
desinger and executing artist of the
entire series of stained glass in the
Memorial Church, will talk in the
Church at 4:15 Wednesday afternoon.
In addition to his work here, Lamb
was chosen to do the large mural
decoration in the Auditorium of Pub
lic School No. 5 in Brooklyn, New
York. His work here was done In
connection with the studios of J. and
11. Lamb, which were founded by his
father in 1857.
For three years he was active in
the citizens' movement of political
betterment of New York City.
Lamb was founder of the National
Society of Mural Painters. He is a
trustee of the tocenlo and Historic
Preservation Society, a member of the
National Sculpture Society and many
civil societies.
He was the youngest of four chosen
to represent the United States at the
Paris Exposition in the Art of Glass,
and received two medals from the
French government for design and
craftsmanship.
He is president of the Architectural
League of America, and first vice
president of the Architectural League
of New York.

The Stanford rvt:n?ng ana Metallurgy
department will have one of the best
equipments for assaying in the United
States when the ten new assay fur
naces, which are of the newest oil
burner type, are set up. A new bal
ance room is being fitted up with a
number of assay balances and a new
desk equipment for twenty-five stu
dents.
