# Farm Skier Hurt In Yosemite Meet
## 
### 
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
Ernst Willy Meyer, member of the
Stanford ski team, suffered a frac
tured vertebra and two broken ribs
Saturday while attending the inter
collegiate ski meet at Yosemite.
The accident occurred as he was
making a fast dpwnhill slide. Meyer
was treated at Yosemite, and he is
already able to attend classes.
