# Hoover Donates Books to Library
## 
### 
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
Gifts of 55 volumes, featuring two
on art, given by Herbert Hoover to
the Stanford libraries, have been an
nounced -by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur.
Mr. Hoover's donations included a
catalogue of the British paintings in
♦he Huntington Library and Art Gal
lery by C. H. Collins Baker and
"Francois Boucher and the Beauvais
Tapestries" by Maurice Block. The
Frances A. Bowman memorial col
lection received 50 volumes, the gift
of Roger W. Montgomery, Sar. Fran
cisco.
