# A 						Phi 0 Plans Open House
## 
### 
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
Students interested in serving
their campus and community can
learn about Alpha Phi Omega, na
tional service fraternity, at an
open house Sunday at 1 p.m. in
Bowman Alumni House.
The only membership qualifica
tion is a willingness to give serv
ice to the campus and community,
announced John Chiorini, rushing
chairman.
The best known of A Phi O's
projects on campus is the Book
Exchange. They also supply ush
ers for student drama produc
tions and operate the vacation
rides box in the library every
quarter.
During Pro-Reg Week they help
the freshmen become oriented to
Stanford. The social calendars
and other notices are distributed
by A Phi O during Registration.
