# Truman and Shakespeare Aid Con Home
## 
### 
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
Next quarter the annual Con
Home Week will add to the
usual festivities two attrac
tions aimed at the intellectu
ally-inclined.
They will be a presentation
of Shakespeare's "King Lear"
by the Actors Workshop, and
a speech by former President
Harry S. Truman.
Individual tickets that will
allow admittance to both will
be sold at the Pavilion during
Reg Day at $2 each. Groups
are encouraged to buy block
tickets of 25 or more.
For those new students who
are not acquainted with Con
Home Week, the week is de
voted to the raising of funds
to be given to the Stanford
Convalescent Home for Chil
dren. It is scheduled for the
fourth week of .spring
quarter.
