# ZOOLOGY EXHIBITS MOVED TO MUSEUM
## 
### 
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
The Museum is undergoing an ex-!
tensive change with the movement of
the Zoology display from Jordan hall
to the southern half of the Museum.
The California Indian and Oriental;
exhibits have been brought from the
southern to the northern half of the
building and the Jordan fossils have
been put on display in the lobby. The i
Gallery contains the textile and colo
nial exhibitions and a collection of
paintings loaned by Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, which has been moved from the
southern end. The changes in the
Boy's Room consist in the enclosing
of all valuable articles in glass cases.

The University of Washington has
installed a radio receiving set and
loud speaker so that the professors
will learn how to speak over a radio,
and how radio talks should be organ
ized. This is a step to increase inter
est in university education by means
of the radio.
