# Alumnae Collect Funds For Scholarship Next Year
## 
### 
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
Funds for a scholarship are now
being collected by the Resident
Alumnae Association, which includes
all women graduates of Stanford who
live in Palo Alto or oh the campus.
The women plan to have a scholarship
for next year, and if possible, to col
lect enough for a scholarship each
succeeding year. The money collected
will be turned over to the University
Scholarship Committee, and is to be
used at its discretion. The Alumnae
Association has made no qualifications
as to the holder of the scholarship.
