# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The baseball team lived up to
our expectations Saturday by de
feating the California nine. They
satisfied our fondest hopes by out
playing them in every point of the
game. We bave a winning com
bination for the final game, and,
with two weeks of practice inter
vening before the test, should be
able to capture the series. Stan
ford is proud of her baseball men
and proud of the game they played.
We believe that we can capture the
series,for we have confidence in the
team, and the team has that con
fidence in itself that comes with
the realization of their own com
parative worth. It will be a long
stretcb of hard work for the play
ers, and the University must get
behind them and show them that
their efforts are appreciated.
