# Bookstore Orders Steinbeck Survey
## 
### 
Among the new books that the
Stanford Bookstore will soon have
in stock is John Steinbeck's "Grapes
of Wrath." Dealing with the prob
lems of the second great westward
migration by (he victims of (he Ok
lahoma dust bowl, the volume is es
pecially concerned with Ihe migra
tory workers who have settled tem
porarily in the San Joaquin Valley
In his book the author attempts in
bring to the attention of the nation
the fact that these people consti
tute a major problem in California.
A Stanford graduate, Steinbeck
has recently spent much of his time
investigating the condition of these
itinerant workers in Central Cali
fornia. Noted as the author of "Tor
tilla Flat" and "Of Mice and Men,"
Steinbeck's national reputation has
steadily increased with the publica
tion of each new book, until now
the advance orders for "Grapes of
Wrath" are the largest in the his
tory of his literary career, according
to Mrs. Sterling, head of the book
depart ment.
The Bookstore is now accepting
orders for the hook, which will be
received from the publishers some
time in April.
