# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
In an election last night, Bill,
Cowden, regular forward, was
elected captain of the frosh bas
ketball team for the remainder of
the year.
