# Lincoln Day Meeting Set For Faculty
## 
### 
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
To arouse public opinion lo an
understanding of the dangers placed
in the path of intellectual freedom
by the growth of intolerance
throughout the world, the Univer
sity faculty will meet Sunday, Lin
coln's Birthday, at 4:15 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Education
Building.
Simultaneously 25 of the other
leading universities of the country
will hold similar meetings in the
interests of democracy and intel
lectual freedom. From a master ses
sion in New York City, Secretary of
Agriculture Henry D. Wallace will
address these gatherings.
Chairman of the Stanford meet
will be Dr. Bailey Willis, a member
of the Lincoln's Birthday Commit
tee for Democracy and Intellectual
Freedom; Professor Edgar Eugene
Robinson will address the group.
Faculty members will consider a
resolution drawn up by Professors
Grayson N. Kefauver, chairman,
Eliot Blackwelder, James W. Me-
Bain, Samuel B. Morris, and David
L. Webster. According to Dr. Franz
Boas, chairman of the national com
mittee, Sunday will see the largest
group of scientists that has ever
taken part in a movement to focus
attention on the fact that intellec
tual freedom is imperative in a
democracy.
