# MAT TOURNEY PLANNED
## 
### 
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
There is going to be an all-Uni
versity wrestling tournament Feb
ruary 18 in conjunction with the
U.C.L.A. boxing meet. Those who
wish to enter please leave their
names at the gym office or with
Jack Grover, coach. Gold medals
will be awarded to the winners.
