# Sporting World
## The 						Unusual 
### 

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)

This picture of the Stanford-San Francisco football game shows an
incompleted Stanford pass. Moserip (23), Indian end, failed to grasp the
bail, but Gcradin (25), Don quarter, and Burkhead (11), Don center,
blocked it. Olcott ((»). Stanford end, and Vigna (17), Indian half, are
shown. (Associated Press Photo.)
