# PROFESSOR BUCK TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
Professor P. W. Buck, of the De
partment of Political Science, will
speak to the International Relations
Club tomorrow, October 10, on the
Italo-Ethiopian crisis. The meeting
will be held at 4:30 o'clock in the
west library of the social science
building.
