# this week's events
## 
### 
Today
/
Noon-l p.m.
LGBTCRC, CDC, ASSU, GSC, and
Gradnet-Lambda present "Out on the
Market: The relationship with your re
search group / laboratory / office." Lo
cation: Fire Truck House, 2nd Floor.
Lunch Provided.
Noon-2 p.m.
The Haas Center for Public Serv ice
presents the Youth and Education Re
cruitment Fair. Find out about opportu
nities to get involved in community ser
vice (over 30 on- and off-campus organi
zations). At the ()ld Union CClubhouse.

Noon
Bat Batjargal. Lecturer, London Busi
ness School; Visiting Assistant Professor,
Beijing University School of Manage
ment; Visiting Scholar, CREES, presents
"Entrepreneurial Performance in Rus
sia and China: The Social Network
Theory Perspective." In Building. 40,
Room. 41 J.
1/18/02 -
Noon-1 p.m.
Ethics at noon presents Sociology Prof.
Matthew Snipp, who will deliver a talk
called "Racial Measurement and Public
Policy." Building 100, Room 10IK.

Submit an item to the calendar: calendar@daily.stanford.edu
