# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
1:30 p.m. Herstory with
)udy Fifield
2 p.m. David Bayer
5:30 p.m. Michael Stillman
reads from An Eye of Min
nows^
