# MASQUERS PICK PRIZE DRAMAS
## One 3-Act, Three 1-Act Manuscripts Chosen 
### 
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
A three-act play by Thomas Sel
ler, "One, of the Family," has been
chosen by Masquers, women's hon
orary dramatic society, for reading
next Wednesday evening. The play,
which is the winner of the recent
Masquers contest for campus play
wrights, is a comedy of adolescent
family life.
Tryouts will be held for roles in
"One of the Family", this after
noon at :j o'clock in the Little
Theatre. There arc 14 characters,
both men and women. Anyone
interested in playing a part is
urged to try out, regardless of
previous experience.
In addition to the search for three
act plays, Masquers also held a con
test for. one-act dramas. The three
winners of this contest were "The
Penalty," by Waldo Salt; "The Up
per Crust," by James Benet; and
"Twelve Decide," by Edward Reed.
The three one-act plays will be
presented by Masquers at some fu
ture time.
