# MOTHERS' CLUB ENTERTAINS 700
## 'Pageant of Farmâ€™ Feature Of Chrysanthemum Tea 
### 
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
To the tune of "Hurrah for Jimmy
Lannigan and the Whole Stanford
Squad," sung by the Glee Club quar
tet, Stanford students put on a
"Pageant of the Farm" for over 700
guests at the Chrysanthemum Tea
sponsored by the Stanford Mothers
Club yesterday afternoon.
Club Grateful
The officers of the Mothers Club
are grateful for student participa
tion which helped to make the tea a
success, said Mrs. Almon E. Roth,
president. Especially appreciated
was the help offered by Marvie Kahn,
Joe Lawry, Herb Winfree, John Sul
livan, Jimmy Triolo, Hal Underhill,
George Wilson, Fred Maggiora, and
the quartet members, A1 Woodward,
Dave Basset, Bob Buflum, Jack King,
and Ben Shenson.
Pageant Presented
Shelley Smith and Joe Lawry led
the procession that represented pe
riods from tandem bicycles to
stream-lined roadsters; from the Gay
Nineties, through the pre-War 'pe
riod, the World War, and the Jazz
Age to the modern period. Mrs. Clark
Whittier, Mrs. J. R. Holmes, Mrs.
Victor West and Mrs. W. B. Owens
were in charge of the different pe
riods represented, while Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson wrote the continuity.
Mrs. Frederick Fowler, Mrs. T. A.
Storey, and Mrs. George Lawry bad
charge of the various committees, and
worked with Mrs. J. Hugh Jackson,
Mrs. Carl Pleasant, Mrs. A. M. E.s
pinosa, Mrs. Fred Wickett, and their
sub - committees.
