# MOTHERS TO MEET
## 
### 
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
The Stanford Mothers' Club will j
hold its regular meeting on Tues-i
day, February 12, in the Women's I
Clubhouse. A program will follow the
business reports and discussions.
