# Townsend Snaps Back At Critics Of Pension Plan
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
WASHINGTON, Feb 4 (/P) — An
assertion that "this will be the last
Congress to uphold the old economic
system" came today from Dr. F. E.
Townsend as he snapped back at
administration and congressional at
tackers of his $200-a-month pen
sion plan.
After more than four hours of
testimony on his bill before the
House Ways and Means committee,
which also is considering the Presi
dent's economic security program,
the heretofore mild-manered, 68-
year-old California physician began
to show signs of exasperation.
With three aides to back him up,
he answered question after question
designed to show weaknesses in his
program. He denied the assertions
of an administration spokesman his
plan was "financially unsound" and
that it would bring "wholesale in
flation."
It was the financing aspect of his
program which earlier had under
gone a vigorous attack by Dr. Edwin
E. Witte, executive director of the
President's committee on economic
security.
