# Attendance Compulsory
## 
### 
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
The entire editorial stall will assemble al
I ; L") o'clock this afternoon. No excuses ae

cepted, absentees will he dropped from Ihe
roll.
