# WHITE HOUSE CALLERS
## 
### 

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)

Two of President Roosevelt's administrative officers, Donald Richherg,
left, and S. Clay Williams, are leaving the "White House after a enll. It
was at this meeting that they discusscd the automobile code, under NRA
regulation. (Associated Press photo.)
