# Soph Fair, Movie Plans Completed
## 'Blockade' Promised Handball Courts Set For Benefit Booths 
### 
Definite plans for the Soph Car
nival and the Sunday movie, both of
whose proceeds will go to the Con
valescent Home, were announced by
their chairmen yesterday.
The inconvenient layout of years
past has bffen eliminated for the
Soph Carnival Friday, Jack Reyn
olds, chairman, reported. Instead of
outside booths beyond the handball
court fence, permission has been
granted to use the courts just back
of the Pavilion.
This will make a more compact
operating ground which will also be
closer to the inside attractions.
Booths will be larger, and the prob
lem of lighting will be simplified.
Hal Petrich, construction chairman,
has enlisted the services of Art Han
sen, who has had stagecraft expe
rience, for the designs.
BOOTHS PLANNED 1
The various concessions and booths
are in the final phases of planning.
"The way things are shaping up,"
Reynolds said, "the carnival can
not help but be a big success."
The first Sunday movie of the new
quarter will be "Blockade," with
Madeleine Carrol, Henry Fonda, and
Leo Carillo, according to Barbara
Sadler, chairman of the A.S.S.U.
committee. Also arranged for the
benefit performance is a motion
picture of activities at the Conval
escent Home in the course of a year.
BUCK ROGERS
Chapter five of the Buck Rogers
serial and an animated cartoon will
complete the bill. The picture begins
at 7:15 Sunday in Memorial Hall,
admission 20 cents.
Tickets for the movie will go on
sale Wednesday in the A.S.S.U. of
fice to avoid the rush at the box
offices Sunday night.
