# Attacks on Lewis Bring Resignations
## 
### 
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
DENVER, April f> (UP). —Criti-
cism of John L. Lewis by "certain
CIO officials" led today to resigna
tion of six United Mine Workers
state presidents as regional direc
tors of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations.
.The directors said their resigna
tion was caused by "unfair and un
warranted"' attacks on Lewis, "who
has proved to be the greatest cham
pion of labor's rights within the
trade union movement of all times."
