# War Brings New Name for Bonds
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
WASHINGTON. April f> (UP).—
The war today brought n new name
for defense savings bonds and
stamps.
The Treasury announced that
henceforth they will be known as
"War Savings" Securities.
Substitution of the word "war" for
"defense" long had been advocated
by numerous public figures, includ
ing Wendell L. Willkie, who said
the name would show the United
States now is on the offensive.
