# French Art Is On Display
## 
### 
An exhibit of 45 paintings of con
temporary French painters is on dis
play at the Stanford Art Gallery.
The exhibit, titled "French Taste
Today and Tomorrow," is sponsored
by the Association Frangaise d'Action
Artistique, and the paintings have
been selected by Jean Cassou, di
rector of the Musce d'Art Moderne.
The paintings are grouped under
headings which indicate the tradi
tion in which they were painted or
the schools which inspired them.
These include, "the masters," "Sun
day painters," "impressionists,"
"cubists," and "surrealists."
Also on display are colored wood
cuts by Adja Yunkers. The two ex
hibits will remain in the gallery
through Sunday, May 14. The gal
lery is open to the public without
charge Tuesday through Saturday
from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and on Sun
day from 12 noon until 4 p.m.
