# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Jean Steinmetz, '50, to
Richard Hahn, Stanford Law School
'49. They plan to be married this
summer.
