# Nominations Due For WAA Offices
## 
### 
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
Nominations for WAA officers
should be turned in today. Blanks
may be left in the box in the Wom
en's Gym. Self - nominations or
nominations for another woman are
acceptable.
Friday is the absolute deadline for
applications. The nominees will be
contacted for interviews with WAA
Board members next week. Voting
dates will be announced later.
