# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
have
yon ever
wondered
who you are?
where you are headed?
Satisfying answers
can be found, but
spiritual research and
understanding are
necessary. Hear this
lecture called "What
is Success?" by
HARRY S. SMITH,
C.5.8., an authorized
teacher and
practitioner of
Christian Science
healing.
Novtmber 19, 8:00 P.M.
TRESIDDER LARGE LOUNGE
Sponsored by the
CHRISTIAN
SCIENCE
ORGANIZATION
—■ i j
