# Aide To Discuss Morse's Defeat
## 
### 
Sen. Wayne Morse's (D.-Ore.)
campaign manager will speak
and answer questions this after
noon on what went wrong with
Morse's unsuccessful campaign
and what goes on behind the
scenes in the nation's capitol.
Sen. Morse was defeated by a
narrow margin Nov. 5 by his op
ponent, Republican Robert Pack
wood.
Charles Lee, chief staff officer
of the Senate Education Com
mittee and the director of the
Oregon senator's campaign, will
speak at 3 p.m. in the Forum
Room of the Undergraduate Li
brary.
Lee's appearance will be spon
sored by the Inter-Fraternity
Council and the Committee for
a New Democratic Politics.
