# Cheerleader Run-Off
## 
### 
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
The runoff election for
cheerleader, between the duo
of Don Hearn and Gary Grif
fieth and Geordie Lowry, will
be held Wednesday and
Thursday, Nov. 20 and 21.
Poll hours are from 10 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m., according to
Elections Commissioner Bob
Debs.
Three polling 1 places are
slated to be open. They are
on White Plaza near the post
office, at Engineering Corner
and in front of the Physics
Tank.
The opposing slates were
the frontrunners in last
week's campus election. How

ever, no team garnered more
than half the votes so a run
off was called between the
two frontrunners.
An attempt to have the re
sults of the first cheerleader
election invalidated was
thwarted when the qualifica
tions for the position were
changed. It used to be that
candidates for head cheer
lead had to be sophomores or
better in academic standing.
The Hearn-Griffieth duo are
both freshmen, but last
week's legislature meeting
voted to relax the require
ments.
