# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
California aircraft plants have re
ceived 22 per cent of all war con
tracts for airplanes and parts.
