# Hey Rain! The Lake's Ready!—Excom
## 
### 
Exconi announced at their weekly
Wednesday evening meeting that
when the Boathouse and Lagunita
Lake are open, they will be open
only to Stanford students. At such
a time, canoeing and swimming will
be allowed only when a lifeguard is
present. Excom stressed the fact
that at present both the Boathouse
and the lake are closed, and there is
no lifeguard.
Harry Burke, runner-up for frosh
cla>s president in the autumn elec
tions, was named by Excom to suc
ceed Jim Lund, present president,
who is in the Navy.
The following activities were ap
proved by Excom al the meeting
Wednesday evening: Feb. 18 —Fill-
more Hall informal; Feb. 19 —Roble
Formal and the Chinese Club In
formal; Feb. 23 — Marian Anderson
Concert; Feb. 26, 26 —Ham's Head
One-Acts; Feb. 26 —Soph Cotillion;
Feb. 27 — Tillson Talkies "Angels
Over Broadway"; March I—Vocom
meeting; March 4—Lagunita Infor
mal, Monroe Informal, and Tyler
Formal; March 11—Garfield, Lincoln,
Adams, and Co. H informals; March

12 — TiLlson Talkies, '"Arizona";
March 18—Union Residence Formal
and W.A.A. Ranch Rumpus.
