# ORGAN RECITAL
## 
### 
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
Maurice John Forshaw will I»«•
I'lic.st artist at the weekly Memo
rial Church organ recital this after
noon at 4:15. Forshaw will play se
lections of Bach and modern French
organ music.
