# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Elaine Schacht, '53,
to Bud Gardner, '53, Delta Chi.
