# GUADALAJARA SUMMER SCHOOL
## 
### 
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
A bilingual summer school spon
sored by the University o< Guada
ld|jia with the co-opeiation ul
members of the faculty of Stan -
foid University will be held in
Guadalajara, Mexico, )une 29 to
August 7, 1953. The offerings
will include art, folklore, history,
Spanish language and literature
courses in English and Spanish.
The program is accredited and
costs only $225 for six weeks.
This includes tuition, board and
room A tour of Mexico at $255
will be offered also at the close
of the summer session. The
teaching staff from Stanford will
be Piofessors Aurelio M. Espi
nosa, Jr., Daniel M. Mendelowitr,
and Juan B Rael. For more in
formation, consult Professor Rael
in room 400. His office hours aie
7-4 duily Foldeis are available
in rooms 243 and 400.
