# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
TH t
WHtTE HOUSE
j SPORTS SHOP FLOOR
| : I
J »' ''
< |
the newest
KNITTED
FASHIONS
Polka dots are knitted
into this boucle one
picce frock in a classi
cally tailored style
15 00
If you can tell this from
hand knitting you're
cleverer than this copy
writer. It's of softest
wool in 2-piece style,'
lovely colors. A Vogue
Smart Economy
16 oo
i
RAPHAEL WEILL
fe.CQLM.RAHV,
