# STRIKEBREAKERS HURT
## 
### 
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
JASPER, Ala., April 12 (/P).—Two
miners returning to work were
wounded in an ambush at. the Coal
Valley Mine. Most of the mines i'n
the state are shut down due to re
fusal of miners to work until code
wages and hours are settled in
Washington.
