# SHE TORE UP DEMPSEY'S SHIRT!
## 
### 

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)

Jack Dempsey lost a ring battle at Alexandria, La., when 95-pound
Mrs. Johnny Plummer jumped through the ropes and tore up the for
mer champion's shirt and pulled his hair. The trouble started when
Dempsey, as referee of a wrestling match between Plummer and Bruce
Noland, warned Plummer not to kick Noland. Finally the dispute
reached the point where Dempsey swung three uppercuts to Plummer's
chin—and Mrs. Plummer became enraged. Plummer and his wife ans
shown after the battle. (Associated Press Photo)
