# A 						ROOSEVELT GOES OUT FOR CREW
## 
### 

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)

President Roosevelt's athjetic young son, Franklin, Jr., is a candi
date for the Harvard freshman crew. He is shown at right, helping to
lug out a shell for a practice drill on the Charles river at Cambridge,
Mass. (Associated Press Photo)
