# In the Lineup
## 
### 

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\

Chick Ellsworth is Seattle's short
stop and leadoff at bat when in the
lineup playing against other teams
of the Pacific Coast Baseball
Leaaue. (Associated Press Ph/-»n\
