# LOCOMOTIVE DERAILED IN FREAK ACCIDENT
## 
### 

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)

This was the freakish scene at Dora, Ala., after a locomotive was derailed and tossed on its side, kilietl the
engineer and injuring other trainmen. The accident, th at occurred in the heart of the mining town, threw the
citizenry into furor. (Associated Press Photo)
