# Board of Trustees Grants Professors Absence Leave
## 
### 
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
Dr. C. H. Gilbert of the Zoology de
partment was granted leave of ab
sence from March 25 to April 15, to
confer with the Bureau of Fisheries
in Washington. Professor 11. E.
Swain of the Chemistry department
was given a leave of absence for one
month beginning March 17, to enable
him to attend a meeting of the Amer
ican Chemical Society.
