# SPECIAL NOTICES.
## 
### 
Lost—Watch fob —black ribbon with
gold pendant. Initials W. T. M. Re
turn Box 980. 3-28
Wanted—Work as tutor; Spanish.
Also elementary and high school sub
jects. See Wilkins, 515 Waverley.
Phone P. A. 539 W. 3-28
Found—Lady's wrist watch. Owner
call at Stanford Cook House. 3-27
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library?
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain pen, on Friday, March 9, between
Greek building and Women's Rest
Room, or between English building
and Roble Hall. Please return to
Box 916.
Wanted —Furnished house on cam
pus until October 1. Mrs. H. C.
Hoover.
