# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
Tryouts for positions on The Daily
Palo Alto staff will be held every
Sunday afternoon until the end of the
semester to fill vacancies left by the
retirement of the present staff of
Freshmen into the quiet seclusion of
the hills. New Freshmen will be
treated very gently, and although they
perhaps will not be given the oppor
tunity to edit another Freshman edi
tion, it is thought that it can be ar
ranged for them to read proof at
least once a week.
