# Next Year's Assemblies.
## 
### 
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
Announcement comes from the
President's office that next year
there will he fixed dates for the
University Assemblies,instead of the
irregular system that has been fol
lowed this year. The last hour of the
morning on the second and fourth
Wednesday of each month will be
reserved for the Assemblies, unless
on particular occasions other ar
rangements are found necessary-
