# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
The election of a representative to
the Conference from the Economics
department was indefinitely post
poned today, as a sufficient number
of voters failed to appear. The date
of the election will be announced
later.
