# EX-EMPYOYEE OF B.A.C. RECEIVES UNEXPECTED GIFT
## 
### 
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
WHO says the gravy train
doesn't make any stops at
Stanford?
Of course, the stop isn't ,a
scheduled one, but the fact re
mains that the Board of Ath
letic Control of this august
University lias hooted one. It
seems that there is a youth on
the campus who used to be an
usher for the good old B.A.C.
during the football season. Af
ter the Dartmouth game he
severed connections with that
body—at least, as far as work
ing for them goes.
Imagine, then, the youth's
surprise when, after viewing
the recent track meet with
California from the vantage
point of the rooting section,
with*a fair damsel by his side,
he received in the mail a check
from the B.A.C. for working at
the meet. That surprise was
intensified this week, when he
received another check, this
time for working at the I'.S.C.
meet, which he had "crashed."
As far as can be ascertained,
the youth in question has no
relatives on the Board, but he
is not trying <00 hard lo figure
the Ihiim out.
