# MEXICAN PAINTING EXHIBIT TO CLOSE TWO WEEKS EARLY
## 
### 
The exhibit of paintings and
drawings of Maxine Albro now
being shown at the Art Gallery will
remain only until May 18 instead of
until May 31 as previously an
nounced.
The exhibition consists of sketches
of Mexican scenery and types of
Mexican people made by Miss Albro
during a recent sketch trip to
Mexico. Miss Albro made journeys
to out-of-the-way mountain villages
to secure costume types and scenes
seldom seen by the usual traveler.
Maxine Albro studied art at the
California School of Fine Arts in
San Francisco. Her recent exhibi
tions have proven her to be a sin
cere draughtsman and individual
colorist, producing a new expres
sion in modern art.
The Art Gallery is open to the
public every day between the hours
of 10 and 5 o'clock. No admission
charge is made.
