# CORNELL CONSIDERS ADDITION OF GERMAN NAMES TO MEMORIAL
## 
### 
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
ITHACA, N.Y., May 7 (TP).—
Whether the name of Hans Wagner,
who died fighting for Germany in
the World War, will be added to the
names of 264 other sons of Cornell
on its $600,000 War Memorial to be
dedicated by President Hoover May
23, was under consideration today
by President Livingston Farrand of
the university.
Discussion resulted from publica
tion in the Cornell Daily Sun, stu
dent publication of an editorial urg
ing that Wagner's name be added to
the inscription.
"Hans Wagner," said the editorial,
"was enrolled at Cornell in 1908-
1909. He returned to Germany and
died fighting for his fatherland in
the World War. Yet his name is
missing in the war memorial clois
ter which bears these words at its
entrance:
"On these walls are inscribed the
names of those sons of Cornell who
gave their lives in the World War."
Inclusion of Wagner's name on the
Cornell War Memorial, the Sun ar
gued, would make that edifice a
monument of international under
standing.
