# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
CONGRATULATIONS; ADVICE
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to echo the con
gratulations to Mr. Mellinkoff ex
pressed in a recent Campus Opinion,
and would like to add my congratu
lations to the author of that Opinion,
Mr. Fred J. Monteagle, erstwhile
Hearst newspaper reporter. These
men have shown themselves to be
signally qualified to represent Stan
ford in the great intercollegiate
sport of bull-throwing, and on the
basis of their pre-season form they
certainly .should bring to their Alma
Mater a national championship. If
the object of bull-throwing be "to
discuss at length and in detail a
subject of which the speaker is ab
solutely ignorant" the success of our
team cannot be doubted. To be a
really successful bull-thrower the
contestant must be unaware of his
ignorance, which involves a naivite
with which our team is abundantly
supplied.

I am not applying for the job of
coaching this team, and indeed I'm
afraid we have no coach sufficiently
qualified to teach it anything. How
ever, I should like to suggest certain
training rules that hight help these
gentlemen in their quest for the
championship. In the first place it is
important that our team maintain its
complete ignorance of the Covenant
and history of the League of Na
tions, excopt as they care to obtain
information on the subject from the
interpretation of the late Henry
Cabot Lodge, or our own illustrious
Senator Hiram Johnson.

Then they should be careful to
continue to confine their reading in
the field of present international re
lations to such as may be found in
the columns of the Hearst news
papers. Then, too, they must care
fully steer clear from all but a few
selected lectui'ers, a list of whom
could perhaps be secured from the
Foreign Relations Committee of the
Senate. And finally, but far from
least important, they must take care
to avoid the possibility of contact
with any of the "damn foreigners"
that infest our sacred halls of learn
ing.

The object of this article is to
show to the student body that such
attitudes and ignorance cannot be
maintained except by careful train
ing, and to suggest that with such an
opportunity for a national cham
pionship before us, the A.S.S.U.
should take appropriate action in
regard to this proposed team.
Selden L. Osborne
