# Staff Named For 1954 Quad
## 
### 
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
The editorial stafT of the 1!)54
Ouad lia.s been announced by co
editors Ralph Buchwalter and Jon
Stufflebeem.
Four associate editors have been
appointed to head the staff. They
are Lucy Mac Rice, academics; Boh
Blackburn, athletics; Anne Adams,
activities; and Jim Kidder, living
groups.
Other promotions on the stafT in
clude Da vp Da vies, head copy edi
tor; Carol Sheppard, head artist;
Wick Musson, head photographer.
Assistants to the editors will be
Pennie Pendergrass, Jimmy Higa
shi, and Jean Lillquist.
