# Meeting Called On Poly Sci
## 
### 
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
A group of Political Science
undergraduates and TA's are
holding a meeting at 4:00 this
afternoon in Tressider Room 274.
The meeting will consider
"possible action" to take in re
sponse to faculty rejection of
special Political Science Seminars
set up last quarter, for which 170
students signed up.
A petition is being circulated
which calls for the approval of
five proposed seminars which have
reading lists and graduate students
"ready" to teach them. The
seminars are: Black Protest Move
ments; US Foreign Policy and
Imperialism; Pre-Socratic
Thought, the Bible, and Marx;
Theory and Practice of Marxism; a
Radical Smorgasbord.
