# letter
## 
### 
Animal rights

I can certainly sympathize with
State Senator David Roberti in his al
tempt to outlaw the use of former
pets, mostly dogs and cats from ani
mal shelters and pounds, for medical
research in California. Some of this
research is indeed cruel in the ex
treme. For example, a photo slide
used during a medical lecture at
Stanford showed the rate of dehydra
tion of a dog which was deprived of
water until he died, after 36 days!
(This experiment was NOT done at
Stanford.) Some medical researchers
must be totally devoid of compas
sion!
Regardless of whether the Roberti
bill passes or not, medical re
searchers at Stanford should be per
suaded to accept some form of inde
pendent control over the manner in
which these poor laboratory animals
are treated. Since the Swedish sys
tem of "Ombudsman" (meaning
legal representative) seems to have
become increasingly popular in this
country to represent human beings,
why couldn't Stanford University
lead the way by appointing an Om
budsman for Animals whose duty it
would be to check and control the
manner in which laboratory animals
are treated before, during and after
experimentation. This Ombudsman
should report to a committee which
controls funding of medical experi
ments, and maybe also to a forum of
medical students, who may have
more compassion than the medical
researchers but still understand the
importance of medical research.
Lars Brail
Part-time student
Computer Science
