# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
Women's Rest Home—Nancy Mc-
Donald, Monica Kaufman, Margery
Trammel.
Men's Rest Home — Charles Cos
per, Baldwin Robertson, Charles
Blaisdell.
Isolation Hospital—Michael Mal
colm.
Palo Alto Hospital—Mrs. Don Ma
noukian, William Duke, Edward
Sox, Judy Dearing.
