# KZSU Tryouts
## 
### 
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
Students interested in producing
radio programs for KZSU are in
vited to drop into the basement of
fices of KZSU in Memorial Audito
rium any week day from 4:30 to (5
p.m.
