# Refugee Expert Spurns Lesser Job
## 
### 
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
WASIIIN(JTON —Edw;ird .!. Corsi,
ousted State Department refugee ex
port, spurned a lesser job today and
charged angrily that the refugee
program is being "sabotaged" by ra
cially intolerant men in Congress
and the Department.
He also accused State Department
Security Chief Scott McLeod of a
"typical distortion." Corsi said he
had come to Washington only 011
condition that he would not be un
der McLeod in handling refugee
problems.
