# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
MASQUERS PICTURE
Masquers, women's honorary
dramatic society, will have their
picture taken for the 1934 Quad
at 1 o'clock sharp today in the
Union Court. Punctuality is im
perative.
