# WHO WANTS TO BE A PRIZEFIGHTER?
## 
### 

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.

Trojan of Wildoaks looks thoroughly bored with the world even though
he won the honor of being judged the best blood-hound in the annual
Westminster Kennel Club show in New York.
