# Hewlett-Packard names new general counsel
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -
1 lewlett-Packard Co. said Wednes
day that it has named Michael I lol
ston. a former federal prosecutor
who led the internal probe of HP's
boardroom spying investigation, to
the position of executive vice pres
ident and general counsel.
Holston, 44, fills a slot vacated

by Ann Baskins last fall after it
was revealed that her office over
saw the company's ill-fated sur
veillance scheme targeting board
members, journalists and their
family members.
Holston has worked as outside
counsel for HP for more than 10
years and is a partner at the Mor
gan. Lewis & Bockius law firm,
which HP hired to conduct an in
dependent review of its leak in
vestigation.
