# Adv. 36 Page 6
## 
### 
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
Dr. Carmo Trindad
Clinical Assistant Pro
fessor of Orthopedics
trained in Bombay and
Oxford, will speak and
give a slide presenta
tion of the English
health care system.
7:00 PM
WEDNESDAY
FEB 8
Room 61F
