# AMELIA OVER CAPITAL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
WASHINGTON, May 8 —
Amelia Earhart swooped past Wash
ington airport tonight a few seconds
before 8:(K> p.m., Eastern standard
time (5:06 Pacific time) on her non
stop flight from Mexico, D.F., to
Newark airport.
A similarity can be traced between
modern English and Sanskrit.
