# TWA TRANSPORT PLANE AS IT LOOKED AFTER FATAL ACCIDENT
## 
### 

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.

This Associated Press photo shows the smashed in tcrinr of the cabin with cushions and other articles
scattered about after a transport plane, carrying 13 persons, crashed nnr Atlanta, Mo. * Five persons, in
cluding Senator Bronson Cutting of New Mexico, were killed and the other passengers injured.
