# Navy Secretary Arrives To Inspect Bay Stations
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8 (/P). —
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Latrobc
Roosevelt, retired, Assistant Secre
tary of the Navy, arrived in San
Francisco today from Seattle for a
three-day inspection of Bay region
naval stations. Roosevelt is a sixth
cousin of the President and served
in the Marines from 1899 to 1920.
The Assistant Secretary was to be
a guest at an Army - Navy Club
luncheon today. Tomorrow, ho will
make an inspection of Marc Island
Navy Yard. Ho will inspect the
Sunnyvale air base Friday and leave
for Los Angeles and San Diego Sat
urday morning.
