# BIRD PICTURES TONIGHT
## 
### 
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
Motion pictures of "Birds of the
Stanford Campus" produced by John
B. Price will be shown tonight at 8
o'clock in Room 430. Members and
guests of the Stanford Chapter of
the Cooper Ornithological Club are
invited.
