# Professor Frein Resigns.
## 
### 
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
Prof. Pierre J. Frein has resigned
his position as assistant professor
of Romanic Languages to take full
charge of that department in the
University of Washington, at
Seattle. Professor Frein has been
at Stanford since the fall of 1899.
lie is succeeded by Dr. C. C. Rice,
who leaves a position at the Uni
versity of Oregon.
