# Reception to Students.
## 
### 
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
The Young People's Societies of
Palo Alto will give a reception to
both new and old students at Nor
tree Hall Friday evening, August
28th.
