# Accepts Castilleja Position
## 
### 
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
Miss Helen Grosfleld, 'IS, has ac
cepted a position as teacher of Latin,
ancient history, and physical training
in the Castillojo school. Miss Gros
fleld is a member of Delta Gamma so
rority.
