# COUNCIL ACTION
## 
### 
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
The Women's Student Council rec
ommends that a woman student be
suspended from the University for the
remainder of the present quarter as
discipline for defiance of Council and
Faculty rulings.
JOSEPHINE WELCH.
President Women's Student Council.
Approved:
E. P. LESLEY,
Chairman, Student Affairs Committee.
Acting President
CM AS. I). MARX.
