# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
All persons who expect to do prac
tice teaching during the autumn quar
ter should have a conference with In
structor \V. M. Proctor during the
next few days. A regulation of the
School of Education requires the till
]])« out of a form of application to
do practice teaching during the quar
ter preceding the one in which the
teaching is to he done. As no prac
tice teaching is done during the sum
mer quarter, the applications for
practice teaching positions should he
filled out at once. Instructor Proctor
will be in liis office, Room 47, Mon
day, at 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., and on 'Wed
nesday, Thursday, and Friday from 5)
to 11 a.m.
