# Big Sale of Song-Books.
## 
### 
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
About thirteen hundred copies of
the Stanford song-book have been
sold to date. This leaves seven
hundred to be sold. These will be
on sale at the Bookstore until the
Varsity game.
