# Saturday's Tennis Matches.
## 
### 
Twelve contestants took part in
the first of the final preliminary
tennis tournaments held on the
Roble gymnasium courts Saturday
morning. These tournaments are
being held to bring out the new
material from which the finals
will be chosen.
Following is a summary of the
matches: Miss J. Dillon, '06, vs.
Miss J. C. Ayers, '05, won by Miss
Dillon; Miss E. Lambert, '07, vs.
Miss L. Pearce, '07, won by Miss
Lambert; Miss M. Parkhurst, '04,
vs. Miss I. J. Zschokke, '07, won
by Miss Zschokke; Miss G. Stroud,
'06, vs. Miss E. I). Owen, won by
Miss Stroud; Miss M. Porter, '04,
vs. Miss L. Narver, '06, won by
Miss Porter; Miss J. A. Glide, '07,
vs. Miss V. Gardner, '07, won by
Miss Gude.
