# ENGLISH CLASS CHOSEN
## 
### 
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
Students to be admitted to the
f''Bnhm.iTi section of English 2a winter
quarter have been definitely selected, i
They will be informed by mail !
Wednesday. The class will contain not
more than twenty-five and will be
conducted by Miss Edith R. Mlrrielees. |
