# STUDENTS TO ENROLL
## 
### 
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Students intending to enroll for Enf
lish 136 —Short Story Writing—in the
winter quarter are requested to confer
with Professor Edith R. Mirrielees
before the end of the present quarter.
The class will be held at 9 o'clock on
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
