# HOFFMAN AWARDED TROPHY IN ANNUAL PUNTING CONTEST
## 
### 
Cliff Hoffman, substitute halfback
on the varsity football squad and star
weight-thrower on the track team, won
the annual Roos Brothers punting
contest yesterday afternoon, averag
ing fifty-one yards for each kick.
Twenty-five football men competed for
the trophy.
Seraphim Post was in second place
with an average of 47 yards for the
five punts. The longest kick of the
contest was made by Post, who punted
for sixty yards, which was five yards
farther than Hoffman's best attempt.
Each participant was allowed five
kicks and an average was made. Three
of the five kicks were made after re
ceiving a pass from center and the re
maining two were made without a
center.
Any man winning the silver trophy
three times will gain permanent pos
session of the cup. Ernie Nevers punt
ed farthest in 1923 and Porky Dwight
was awarded the loving cup last year.
