# Professor Cottrell Will Address D. A. R. Luncheon
## 
### 
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
Professor E. A. Cottre.ll of the Po
litical Science Department will address
a meeting of the Bay District Daughters
of the American Revolution on "The
Duties of American Citizens," at the
monthly luncheon which will be held
Saturday at the Palace Hotel in "San
Francisco.
