# PREP SCHOOLS READY TO PLAY FOR STATE FOOTBALL SUPREMACY
## 
### 
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
High schools in the state of Cali
fornia are now astir with the ap
proaching finals for the prep school
supremacy of the gridiron.
Last Saturday Berkeley High won
the northern half of the North Coast
Section, when they whipped \Santa
Rosa, 83 to 0. Palo Alto's preps go
up against the Lick-Wilmerding eleven
next Saturday, for the southern half
of the same section. Berkeley will
then take on the winner of this meet
for the championship of the North
Coast section. The winner of this
contest, the Berkeley preps being
given the edge on the dope sheet, will
take on either Sacramento or Winters
for the championship of northern
California. Sacramento and Winters
will settle their difficulties in the
near future.
In the southern part of the state
things are flying thick and fast. San
Diego copped the South Coast Sec
tion title and is now ready to com
pete with Bakersfleld for the suprema
cy of southern California. The cham
pions of northern and southern Cali
fornia will tlrfn meet to settle the
dispute as to who will wear the 1921
gold footballs.
Last year Berkeley met Bakersfleld
High, and Bakersfleld won, although
the meet was closely contested. This
year these same two teams are in line
for another whack at each other, for
present dope shows them to be the
strongest teams in their sections.
