# All-U Bowling Meet Heldover 2 Weeks
## 
### 
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
Due to the lack of entrants in the
All-U Bowling championships, the
matches, originally scheduled for to
morrow night have been postponed
two weeks.
All those bowlers in school at
present who wish to compete are
urged to gel in touch with either
Late Williams or Bill Allen at the
Daily oflice immediately. Contest
ants may also sign up at the Indian
Bowl, 735 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
