# COAST OUTSTRIPPING AXIS
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
LOS ANGELES (U.R) — The Los
Angeles area alone in 1943 will
double German airplane production
and quadruple Japanese production,
according to Theodore C. Coleman,
vice-president of the Northrop Air
craft Co.
