# JANET McCLANAHAN ELECTED
## 
### 

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.

YANK SOLDIERS, somewhere in Tunisia, ride these camels in the
line of duty. Here they wave good luck greetings to this American
Flying Fortress as it roars by.
