# S. B. Card Needed To Cash Cellar Checks
## 
### 
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
Students must present their stu
dent body cards hereafter when
they cash a check at the Cellar,
the Cigar Counter of the Cellar,
the Union Dining Hall, or the En
ema Store, the Union Board of
Governors decided at their meet
ing today.
This step was taken because of
the recent cases of forging by
Stanford students.
