# Former Golf Star Injured in Crash
## 
### 
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
Ensign Don Haslett. Stanford grad
uate, and former Farm golf star, re
ceived a broken leg when a Navy
blimb, from Moffett Field, crashed
into a hilltop near Gilroy, Wednes
day.
Haslett graduated from Stanford
last June and received his commis
sion last October. After receiving
his commission he was assigned to
Moffett Field.
