# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
Of every pound of meat being pro
duced in the U.S. about 12 ounces
will go to the civilian population.
