# Adv. 15 Page 8
## 
### 
Welcome back!
On behalf of the
Stanford Football
Team...
to the victorious
student body in the
100 th BIG GAME!
Special thanks to the
student season ticket
holders for their
outstanding support!!!
5008
season tickets sold is a
ten year high!!!!
Welcome back!
On behalf of the
Stanford Football
Team...
to the victorious
student body in the
100 th BIG GAME!
Special thanks to the
student season ticket
holders for their
outstanding support!!!
5008
season tickets sold is a
ten year high!!!!
Welcome back!
On behalf of the
Stanford Football
Team...
to the victorious
student body in the
100 th BIG GAME!
Special thanks to the
student season ticket
holders for their
outstanding support!!!
5008
season tickets sold is a
ten year high!!!!
Welcome back!
On behalf of the
Stanford Football
Team...
to the victorious
student body in the
100 th BIG GAME!
Special thanks to the
student season ticket
holders for their
outstanding support!!!
5008
season tickets sold is a
ten year high!!!!
Welcome back!
On behalf of the
Stanford Football
Team...
to the victorious
student body in the
100 th BIG GAME!
Special thanks to the
student season ticket
holders for their
outstanding support!!!
5008
season tickets sold is a
ten year high!!!!
