# CIVIL AIR PATROL BEGINS
## 
### 
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
NORTH BEND, Ore., Jan. 18 (UP).
—The Civil Air Patrol for this sec
tion of Oregon was organized here
today by Denton Clark, municipal
airport manager.
