# NORWEGIANS VAUNT DEFIANCE
## 
### 

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.

"LONG LIVE King Haakon VII" is the translation of this darin
patriotic salute to Norway's beloved exiled monarch, painted on
housecorner, "somewhere in Norway." The boy risks his life b,
grinning.
