# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.

Associated Press
Denouncing Singh
Hindu fundamentalists wave orange flags (orange Is the color
of Hinduism) and shout antl-Slngh slogans on the lawns out
side parliament In New Delhi yesterday where Indian Prime
Minister V.P. Singh lost a vote of confidence.
