# Cardinal ice hockey not a myth
## 
### Michelle Ghert Staff writer 
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
No, ice hockey at Stanford is
not a myth.
In fact, with Big Game just
around the corner, the Cardinal
ice hockey team is gearing up
for its own Big Game against
California this weekend.
Stanford has already played
in five games this season and
has accumulated a 2-2-1 record.
The two big wins were posted at
Pepperdine and Cal State-
Northridge. These two teams,
along with Stanford, belong to
the Pacific Collegiate Hockey
Association. The other confer
ence teams include UCLA, USC,
California and U.C.-Lutheran.
Stanford placed fourth in the
conference during last year's
regular season and anticipates
even greater success this sea
son.
"We realistically can win the
division," graduate student
David Shapiro said.

The general optimism for the
season is due in part to the
strong background of the team.
Freshman Corey Sammons is
expected to make a significant
contribution as he played for a
top high school team and spent
a year playing Division I hockey
in Sweden.
The Alaskan pair of junior
Greg Lottridge and Torque
Zubek are the main forces on
the starting defense. The other
Alaskan, Wendell Bruckner,
teams up with Sammons,
sophomore Kevin Compton and
second-year medical student
Kent Saylor to serve as the
team's top scoring threats.
In the Cardinal win against
Northridge, Shapiro, Sammons,
Compton and Bruckner each
contributed one goal to the 5-3
final score. Creative writing
instructor Rich Hillis claimed
the fifth goal.
"That was definitely the best
game we've played so far,"
Shapiro said. "We had good
intensity and kept the pressure

up."
Stanford's game tactic was to
keep Northridge in its defensive
zone and not allow them to get
close to the Cardinal net. This
reduced the possibility of a
Northridge attack on the goal
and maximized the number of
Stanford's own shots. With only
four minutes left in the game,
The Cardinal was winning 5-1.
At that point the referees
started calling questionable
penalties on Stanford and the
team finished the game short
handed.
"That's kind of to be
expected," Shapiro said. "The
southern Californian referees
want to give the home team a
chance to win."
This Friday, Stanford will be
the home team. The Cardinal
will host California at the
Golden Gate Ice Arena in Red
wood City. The game begins at
8:30 p.m., and tickets are $2
with Stanford ID and $3 with
out.
