# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
WELCOME
Summer Quarter
Students
\i-i, \\
* , & V *
> , <*
COOL COTTON DRESSES
FOR HOT SUMMER
DAYS
Beautifully colored 1 and 2
piece dresses.
• Chambrays
• Seersuckers
• Piques
• Ginghams
Appropriate for all your campus
needs.
