# Long "Hooey"
## 
### 
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
Louisiana's "Kingfish" Long, cam
paigning for seven new tax meas
ures, yesterday offered to "man-to
man" it with an unknown heckler
in his audience who asked him about
"thai Long Island affair," in which
"Hooey's" face was battered, an eye
blackened in a fracas a few weeks
ago at a swank club on New York's
Long Island. The heckler failed to
show up.
