# Prep Press Delegates To Convene November 4
## 
### 
For the tenth time in 10 years,
Stanford will receive delegates from
central California prep schools to
the annual Central California Scho
lastic Press Association on Novem
ber 4.
About 250 beaming youngsters are
expected to come to Palo Alto to
participate in a program planned by
Stanford journalism enthusiasts, and
to hear a speaker, not yet named,
outstanding in the fields of Ameri
can jouinalism.
A meeting of the executive board
of the organization was held in San
Francisco Saturday. Members of the
board are Sacramento High,, presi
dent ; Lowell High of San Francisco,
secretary; and Tamalpias High, vice
president. Also in attendance were
Professor Buford O. Brown, head
of the Stanford Journalism Depart
ment, and his secretary, Mrs. Mar
jorie Bryant, Ellamae Dodds repre
senting Theta Sigma Phi, national
honorary women's journalism fra
ternity, and Bob Letts, representing
Sigma Delta Chi, the national hon
orary men's journalism fraternity.
