# Late Reg Total Surpasses ’52
## 
### 
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
Enrollment totals reacheH 6.987
after the first day of late registra
tion yesterday. This is an increase
of 94 over totals last year at the
same time.
Five thousand fourteen men and
1,9")3 women have registered, and
the r«*io has risen slightly from
Tuesday's figure.
