# CHURCHILL HOME
## 
### 
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
LONDON, Sept. 30 (UP) —Prime
Minister Winston Churchill flew
home tonight and resumed active
command of the government amid
reports he again would request a
"Bermuda conference" to plan four
power talks with Soviet Premier
Gcorgi Malenkov.
