# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
Applications are currently
available for pre-regist ration
committee for next year. Ap
plications may be picked up al
the ASSU Office, and are due
back there by Friday noon,
October 18.
