# Pickus to Open Peace Seminar
## 
### 
Robert Pickus will conduct the i
first of this year's seminars in j
Non-Violence, sponsored by the j
Peace Caucus, tonight at 8 p.m., j
in Room 274. Tresidder Union.
A graduate in Political Science !
from the University of Chicago, j
Pickus has devoted himself since ;
1950 to developing clear answers !
to the question, "What are the;
ideas that make for peace?" He j
aided in initiating and is now]
National Coordinator of Turn To- j
ward Peace, the coordinating cen-!
tor for 38 organizations concerned j
with achieving a disarmed world j
under law.
Pickus does a regular radio
commentary "Speaking of Peace." ,
He is also an associate editor of 1
liberation, an independent mon
thly, devoted to pioneering new
roads in social and political
thought.
