# HR Needs Help To Pack Books
## 
### 
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
lIR members plan to ship
10,000 books to Vietnam by
Friday, but they need help in
loading them. Members ask in
terested students to help any
time between 3:30 and 6 p.m.
today in the Burbank basement.
