# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
Them as ha' never had a
cushion don't miss it.—George
~Eliot.
