# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
FOR RENT
KINGSCOTE GARDENS—I Apt.,
$65.00; 1 Apt. suitable for two,
$85.00. Transient guests by day or
week.
DANCING
DANCING —Classes Thursday p.m.
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boyce Ave. Call
3369. Private lessons by appoint
ment.
WANTED
ROOM on campus for boy attending
Paly High. Write Box 731, Stan
ford.
WANTED—Student with some ex
perience in typesetting for part
time work as bank boy. Call man
ager of The Stanford Daily, P.A.
4717, any day from 2 to 5 p.m.
SEEKS CUE RECORD
CHIC AC O, Jan. 18 (/P). —Johnny
Layton, the imperturbable one, will
attempt to write new billiard his
tory this week by capturing his
fourth straight world's three cush
ion championship, an achievement
never before accomplished in sanc
tioned tournament competition.
The new twelve-story St. Eliza
beth's Hospital in Chicago has a
radio in every room.
