# DR. JORDAN AT BAT IN FACULTY ENCOUNTER
## 
### 
Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

Taken in 1903, this photo
graph shows Dr. David Stan-
Jordan at bat in a faculty-stu
dent game. These games were
frequent occurrences in the
early days of the University,
and were played on the old
baseball diamond, which was
located behind Encina Hall. A
left-handed hitter, Dr. Jordan
played semi-pro baseball in his
younger days and was a better
than-average man at the plate.
In spite of the fact that he bat
ted cross-handed, the chancel
lor emeritus broke up his share
of the professors' encounters
with their pupils. In those
days, baseball uniforms were
rather informal, as the catcher's
regalia shows, while hats were
also quite the vogue in baseball
styles.

