# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
A Carthage, Mo., hotel proprietor
lost a suit in which he sought to re
cover from the game warden five
quail which the warden took from .
him a year ago. I
