# A.T.O. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
Alpha Tau Omega announces the
pledging of Robert B. Filley, '32.
