# Y. W. C. A. WILL HOLD CANDY SALE TUESDAY
## 
### 
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
The Social Service Committee of the
Y. W. C. A. will hold a candy sale
Tuesday to raise money to carry on its
work at the Rase Hospital, at the Con
valescent llome, and at Five Points. The
women's living gqpups will contribute
the candy and the proceeds will be used
to buy books for the men at the Base
Hospital, dresses for the children at
the Convalescent Home, and to provide
hygenic instruction and recreation for
the small children at the Spanish settle
ment of Five Points, near Redwood City.
