# POWELL WILL TALK ON PIGSKIN GENERALSHIP
## 
### 
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
The last lecture of the Powell-Nes
toria series on "The Technique of
American Football" will be given by
Walter Powell in room 214 at 7:30 this
evening. "Generalship" is the title of
Powell's talk. He will also make some
prediction in regard to the clash next
Saturday.
Besides his coaching of the Stanford
team last year, Powell's position as a
member of National Football Rules
Committee, and as Walter Camp's All -
American representative on the Pacific
Coast, places him as an expert in all
branches of the game.
