# TOP FLICKS
## 
### â€“ misa SHIKUMA contact misa: mshikuma@stanford. edu 
We've been buzzing
over the San
Francisco
International Film Festival and
here are a few more of our top
picks from the fest, which con
tinues until May 3. No time to
make the trek up to the city? Not
to worry, these films will all be
making their way to a theater
near you in the next few months.
"Chicken with Plums"
From graphic novelist Marjane
Satrapi and writing/directing
partner Vincent Paronnaud, the
team that brought "Persepolis"
to the screen in 2007, comes a
new visual masterpiece. Steeped
in Satrapi's family history and
infused with magical realism,
"Chicken with Plums" is the
tragically comic story of Nasser-
Ali (Mathieu Amalric), a gifted
musician who loses the will to
live after his wife smashes his
beloved violin during a quarrel.
Set in 1950s Tehran during
Nasser-Ali's last days, the film
frequently travels back and forth
through time examining his life
and loves, offering insight and
explanation into why he chose to
leave this world. A sentimental
elegy to a talented but troubled

artist, the film raises the question
of whether one must be unhap
py in order to truly succeed in
his craft.
"Somebody Up There Likes
Me"
Bob Byington's quirky comedy
follows Max (Keith Poulson), a
mysteriously ageless and dispas
sionate restaurant server whose
budding romance with co-work
er Lyla (Jess Weixler) leads to a
series of unexpected positive
outcomes. Over the course of the
next several decades, Max goes
from being a dejected divorcee
just scraping by to the co-owner
of a successful pizza and ice
cream business. The characters'
perpetual emotional muteness
contrast with the bizarrely
improbable situations they find
themselves in, resulting in an off
beat and sometimes unsettling
tone. But as the narrative slowly
and disjointedly unfolds, it
reveals a surprisingly heartfelt
message true to its title. The
film's soundtrack, featuring orig
inal music by Vampire
Weekend's Chris Baio, is also
worthy of note.


Courtesy San Francisco Film Society
