# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
With thirty-two men entered for
the Carnot preliminaries, it looks
;is though Stanford has material
enough for several intercollegiate
tea nis.
