# Freshman Committees.
## 
### 
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
This afternoon President Van
Sickle announced the following
committees of the Freshman class:
On Freshman (ilee: Miss S. Cor
bett, Miss M. T. Hartnell, Miss S.
V. Hinking, W. R. Taylor, H. \V.
Hell, T. MeCaughern, and P. A.
Tarpey, chairman. On sweaters
for football team: Miss M. I. Mor
ton, Miss F. M. Edwards, C). B.
McKennon, E. C. Beach, G. R
Stevens, M. J. Hartell, and \V. H.
Dole, chairman. A reception com
mittee for the Glee will he an
nounced later.
