# McNEILL DEFEATS MULLOY
## 
### 
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
Don McNeill defeated Gardner j
Mulloy in five sets yesterday at '
South Orange, Now Jersey, to an
nex the Eastern Grass Court cham
pionship.
