# DR. CHAN TAKES LEAVE
## 
### 
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
A survey of east - coast college
training methods in Chinese lan
guage instruction is the purpose of
Professor Shau Wing Chan's fall
quarter sabbatical leave. Dr. Chan
is expected to return to the cam
pus winter quarter.
