# DROP NIRA CHARGE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I) (/Ph—The
government, it was learned in ofiiciul
quarters today, virtually has aban
doned its case against the Houde
Engineering Company of Buffalo,
charged with violating labor pro
visions of the National Industrial
Recovery Act by refusing to bargain
collectively with employees.
