# FACES TRIAL
## 
### 

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)

A court martial faced President
Luis Companys of Catalonia, held
prisoner aboard a ship in Barcelona
harbor, after the revolution for in
dependence from Spain collapsed.
More than 500 people were killed
during the fighting. (Associated
Press photo.)
