# SENIORS ASKED TO HAVE QUAD PICTURES TAKEN IMMEDIATELY
## 
### 
Seniors who have paid the first in
stallment of their Quad assessment
should have their pictures taken at
the Basketball pavilion immediately,
according to the Quad management.
Approximately 1000 pictures for
various sections of the book must be
taken between now and November 13.
Those who go immediately will get
much quicker service than those who
wait for the rush after November 1.
Positively no senior pictures will be
taken after November 13.
Through the co-operation of the La-
Fayette studio of San Francisco, the
Quad is prepared to give photographic
service second to none on the Pacific
Coast. Students who care to have ad
ditional photographs made will have
an opportunity to get them at a spe
cial rate.
Office hours at the studio are 10 to
12 and 1 to 5 every day in the week.
