# Vaccination Slips Due At Registrar's Office
## 
### 
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
New students who do not file
vaccination certificates by July 2S
will be subject to expulsion from
the University. Those whose cer
tificates were not filed by yes
terday are subject to a fine of $2.
