# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Ukropina is a senior one-year
letterman who turned in a fine
game against Washington Sat
urday. A quarterback with the
1955 freshman team, Jim has
improved every year on the var
sity. Has very good speed for
his size <(i-2, 201), and is rated
a very heady football player.
Calls San Marino home; he is a
history major.

Sinnerud was a high school
teammate of last season's Card
All-Coast fullback Chuck Shea
at Beaverton, Ore. Jim has de
veloped rapidly iti the past two
seasons and saw considerable
reserve action in the first few
games. Although he weighs
only 174, ho likes the rough go
ing and is an all-around back.
Major: History.

("Meet tin* Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday ami Thursday)


JIM IJKKOI'INA
End


JIM SINNERIJI)
Halfback
