# Quad Pictures
## 
### 
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
Quad pictures will he taken
today of Bran n e r (second
wing), Arroyo, Cedro, Juni
pero, Madera, off-campus, La
gun ita, Moore and Stern fresh
men. Dress for women will be
white blouse or white sweater;
for men, coat and tie.
Pictures wil Ibe taken in the
Wilbur administration office.
Students should be on time for
their appointments.
