# Conley to Celts
## 
### 
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
BOSTON (/P) — Gene Conley,
Milwaukee Braves baseball pitch
er who has been bothered by arm
trouble Ihe past two years, will
join the Boston Celtics basket
ball team, it was announced Mon
day.
