# EXPLOSION KILLS MAN
## 
### 
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
REDDING, Jan. 22 (UP). —Niles O.
Ro'-andur, 65, powderman for the
West Construction Company, was
killed today when old powder which
he was burning exploded acciden
tally.
