# NYA CARDS DUE
## 
### 
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
NYA workers should sign release
cards Jan. 24-27 enabling them to
work the month starting Jan. 28,
Mi's. Irene Coverley of the Student
Employment office announced. Stu
dents unable to work their full
quota of hours this month should re
port this immediately to the office.
