# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
there is
far more
here
for your money. The price
of dinner has been main
tained at 60c because of
the quality and amount of
food served. Every evening
Stanford union
mam dining room
