# HERE AND THERE WITH THE NEWS CAMERA
## THE 						STAGE GOES TO COURT 
### 

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.

Police charged "Lysistrata," modernized Greek comedy, was an
"indecent" show and arrested members of the cast during one of the
performances in Los Angeles. Some of the fair members of the cast
are shown (front row) as they appeared in court the following day.
Left to right: Naomi Burseon, Billie Van Every and Sydney Melbout ne.
