# WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
Small
The Science Bug re
veals just how small a
person can be.
Page 6
Change
Students share their
views on what Clinton
might change.
Page 5
