# HELTA TAU DELTA
## 
### 
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
Delta Tau Delta officers: John
Kidd, president; Noel Robinson,
vice - president; Douglas Dick,
rushing chairman; All Brandin,
social chairman.
