# Men May Pick Up RA Applications
## 
### 
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
Applications for Resident As
sistantships in men's dormitories
and fraternities for the year 1957-
58 are now being accepted at the
Dean of Men's office, Room 100.
Graduate students in all de
partments are eligible for Ihe ap
point men Is.
