# Tourney Sign-up Ends Tomorrow
## 
### 
Today and tomorrow are the
last days students may sign up
.o participate in Con Home Week
tournaments according to A 1 Fer
ris, who has replaced Hall Seely
as Con Home publicity chairman.
Sign-up sheets for tournament
competition are posted in all liv
ing groups. A flat entrance fee
of 50 cents for the Con Home is
being charged. Living groups as
well as individuals are urged to
participate in the tournaments,
which include bridge, horseshoes,
two- and six-man volleyball, golf,
tennis and ping-pong. Elimina
tion competition will begin next
week.
Prizes donated by Palo Alto
merchants will be awarded, win
ners of each tournament.
