# BRONCOS BEAT CAL
## 
### 
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
BERKELEY. April 19 (A 3 )— Santa
Clara scored a 6 to 4 win over Cali
i fornia in the California Intercol
legiate Baseball Association today.
| Hal Toso's double in the eighth
drove in Ray Berberet, and later
scored on pitcher Dave Smith's sac
rifice bunt.
