# Ping Pong Play-offs To Be Held Monday
## 
### 
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
Announcing that the finals for the
Convalescent Home ping pong tour
nament would be held next Monday
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pavilion, Co-chairman Don Dewar
asked that individual matches in the
houses and halls be played off be
fore Friday, the last day.
Preliminary rounds will be played
Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock. An
entrance fee of 10 ,cents will be
charged at the finals Monday night.
Prizes have been donated by Wal
ster's, Phelps Terkel, Wideman's,
and Rhodes.
