# Dr. Wilbur Returns From Eastern Trip
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur re
turned to the campus from the East
yesterday morning from a two-week
business trip.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur at
tended a meeting of the trustees of
the Rockefeller Foundation and a
convention of the American Social
Hygiene Association. He made a side
trip to Boston where he was present
at the meeting of the American As
sociation of Pathologists and Bacte
riologists.
