# ITALIANS REPULSED
## 
### 
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
LONDON, April 21 (A I ). —The Ex
change Telegraph correspondent at
Addis Ababa reported today he had
heard unofficially that an Ethiopian
column had cut through the line of
advancing Italian troops near Des
sye.
