# Roy Thompson Voted Frosh Track Captain
## 
### 
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
Final preparations for the clash
with the Cal yearlings were a step
nearer completion last night when
the Stanford frosh named Roy
Thompson, smooth stepping sprintsr
from Santa Ana, as their captain.
Rudy Kelley, barred from sprint
competition because of a pulled
muscle that refused to heal, is giv
ing the shot-put and javelin a try
and stands a chance of placing in
them Friday.
