# World & Nation
## Lights for lost lives 
### 

Young people light can
dles in front of the
destroyed Frauenkirche
cathedral in Dresden
yesterday to mourn for
the victims of the Allied
bombings of Dresden 50
years ago. At least
35,000 non-combatants
were killed during the
British and American air
raids.

Young people light can
dles in front of the
destroyed Frauenkirche
cathedral in Dresden
yesterday to mourn for
the victims of the Allied
bombings of Dresden 50
years ago. At least
35,000 non-combatants
were killed during the
British and American air
raids.

Young people light can
dles in front of the
destroyed Frauenkirche
cathedral in Dresden
yesterday to mourn for
the victims of the Allied
bombings of Dresden 50
years ago. At least
35,000 non-combatants
were killed during the
British and American air
raids.

Young people light can
dles in front of the
destroyed Frauenkirche
cathedral in Dresden
yesterday to mourn for
the victims of the Allied
bombings of Dresden 50
years ago. At least
35,000 non-combatants
were killed during the
British and American air
raids.

Young people light can
dles in front of the
destroyed Frauenkirche
cathedral in Dresden
yesterday to mourn for
the victims of the Allied
bombings of Dresden 50
years ago. At least
35,000 non-combatants
were killed during the
British and American air
raids.

Young people light can
dles in front of the
destroyed Frauenkirche
cathedral in Dresden
yesterday to mourn for
the victims of the Allied
bombings of Dresden 50
years ago. At least
35,000 non-combatants
were killed during the
British and American air
raids.
