# University of Illinois Votes to End Big Ten, AAWU Rose Bowl Contract
## 
### 
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
CHAMPAIGN. 111. (/P) — The
University of Illinois Faculty Sen
ate yesterday voted against Big
Ten continuance with a Rose Bowl
football contract.
The vote was believed to be the
decisive one in the conference,
locking the issue at 5-5 and auto
matically killing chances of re
newal of the New Year's Day
series.
Illinois now joins Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Ohio State as
schools which have announced

publicly their stand against the
post-season game. Northwestern
has not yet made an announce
ment but has voted against it in
ihe past and is expected to do so
again.
A majority vote is needed at the
Big Ten's March meetings in
Columbus. Ohio, to continue the
series with the Athletic Associa
tion of Western Universities in
cluding Southern California, Stan
ford, California, UCLA and Wash
ington.
