# Farm Alumna Wins Dramatic Honors
## 
### 
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
Elizabeth Lakin, a former Stan
ford co-ed, is now working at the
Pasadena Community Playhouse.
Particular praise has been given
Miss Lakin for her acting in a new
play prduced by the Senior Player
Group of the Playhouse School of
the Theater. During the current
season she has appeared in "En
gaged," "Cinderella," "Lady of Ly
ons," and "Lady Lena."
