# COLE RUGBY STAR
## 
### 
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
With Ted Cole of Stanford scoring
three tries, Ihe Rugby Union All-
Stars defeated the Royal Air Force
team from Los Angeles 29-3 in a
recent match in San Francisco. Cole
was co-captain of the squad with
Jean Witter of California, who
added two tries.
