# AUSSIES READY FOR JAP INVASION
## 
### 

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.

IF HIE JAPS attempt an invasion of Australia, they'll meet with heavy resistance from these sturdy,
veteran soldiers who have been called home to defend their continent. Here Aussies, now under the com
mand of America's General Douglas Mat Arthur, construct a sandbagged field headquarters.
