# Vichy Nazis Claim 'Complete Victory'
## 
### 
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
VICHY, March 29 (UP). —The
British destroyer Campbeltown, for
merly the U.S.S. Buchanan, raced
with a demolition cargo of dynamite
to within a few yards of the vital
lock of the St. Nazaire submarine
basin before German shore batteries
sank it. yesterday morning.
Details of the brief but. bloody
raid on the important Nazi-held
French port were conflicting, but it
apparently ended in a free-for-all
naval battle in the harbor and bay
in which the Germans destroyed a
considerable number of launches in
addition to the Campbeltown, which
in any event the British had intended
to sacrifice in blowing up the lock.
The Germans claimed a complete
victory, saying that the raid—which
they openly compared with the fa
mous World War I operation at Zce
brugge, Belgium, against another
German submarine base—had been
frustrated by "blitzkrieg repres
sion."
