# Osborne Takes Mediation Post
## Will Arbitrate For War Labor Hoard 
### 
Professor George E. Osborne, of
the law school, will leave here
Wednesday for Washington, D.C.,
where he will serve as mediator for
the National War Labor Board in a
labor dispute involving the Penn
sylvania Edison Company.
Appointment of Professor Osborne
for the duration as a special part
time mediator for the War Labor
Board was made last week, and the
assignment to handle the Pennsyl
vania Edison dispute immediately
followed by his acceptance to the
part-time post.
In the past two years Professor
Osborne has acted from time to time
under the Fair Labor Standards Act,
serving in Washington as chairman
of the motor transport industries
committee and the structural clay
products industries committee, and
as acting chairman of the railroad
transportation industry committee.
He will leave by plane in time to
begin the hearings on April 6.
