# SIEBERT GIVES IN
## 
### 
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
Dick Siobcrt, tho A's most deter
mined holdout since W;illy Moses

staged liis salary squawk in 19,'i8,
Capitulated over the long distance
telephone from St. Paul, Minn., to
day. Siobort, regular first baseman,
notified Connie M;ick that he was
ready to sign and would report at
Tucson, Ariz., Tuesday or Wednes
day.
