# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
Shall we have a new track this
spring? This is the vital question
which must he decided at the coin
ing meeting of the Associated Stu
dents. Every man and woman in
the University has a personal in
terest in the matter, and an oppor
tunity will be given them at the
meeting to show that the Stanford
spirit is still alive. That sort of
spirit which is expended in vocal
enthusiasm was rampant last se
mester, but the college patriotism
which is demonstrated in cold cash
was notably absent at the begin
ning of the new year. Money is
needed to build the new track, and
if the regular student body assess
ment cannot be collected, it seems
a waste of time to vote an extra
tax. It is probable that the faith
ful few who paid their student body
dues would cheerfully pay an extra
assessment, but it is a burden which
should be borne by all. Stanford
has an athletic oval which would
be a disgrace even to a preparatory
school, and this shameful fact is
due primarily to the failure of the
students to pay their assessments.
A chance will probably be given
these delinquents to redeem them
selves at Tuesday's meeting, and if
they all attend the chapel will not
hold the crowd.
