# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
—L. P. Bantibach, '05, assistant
football coach last season, will soon
open a large roller-skating rink in
San Jose. J. A. Force, captain of
California's football team last sea
son, will be Bansbach's partner in
this venture.
