# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
Editor, The Daily:
Let me offer a correction to
Stephen Murata’s article Monday
in which he complains of the wide
use at Stanford of Teaching As
sistants. Mr. Murata includes
among his examples of this prac
tice the Western Civilization
Staff. He is in error in doing this.
The Civ. staff is made up en
tirely of full-time university in
structors, not T.A.’s. This has
been the policy of the Stanford
History department since the civ.
program began. Of the twenty in
structors on the staff, each of
whom teaches a full 12-hour
week, 10 hold doctorates and 10
are in the final stages of their
graduate education, most of them
expecting to have their degrees
within the year. Those holding
the Ph.D. have gained their de
grees from many different
schools including Princeton, Har
vard, Oxford, the University of
Chicago, Radcliffe, and the Uni
versity of Toronto.
I believe Mr. Murata’s com
plaint is a legitimate one and
should have the attention of the
entire student body. Fortunately,
however, the civ. staff does not
contribute to the problem.
Theodore Koszak
Assistant Director
History of Western Civilization
