# Kaiser's Grandson
## 
### 

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.

PRINCE Louis Ferdinand, favorite
grandson of the late German Kai
ser Wilhclm, is said to be a war
prisoner in Canada. He was once
mentioned as possible successor to
Wilhclm.
