# Rogers to Retire After 37 Years
## 
### 
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
Dr. Austin F. Rogers, professor of
mineralogy, will retire at the end
of the present academic year after
l! 7 years of service at Stanford.
In recognition, his colleagues,
students, and other friends will
honor him at a dinner next Monday
at 6:15 p.m. in the Garden Room of
the Stanford Union. All friends of
Professor Rogers aie welcome at
this dinner, but they have been re
quested to make reservations at the
Geology Department office not later
than Thursday.
