# Chi O Sister Calmed; Herons Fly to Canada
## 
### 
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
They've gone. The two giant
birds who roosted in the tree out
side the Chi O house the other
night are gone.
The birds departed several days
ago "on their way to Canada." And
the Chi O's have finally succeeded
in calming the sorority sister who
thought the two birds were storks.
Thus endeth the fable of the Chi
O's and the night-flying herons.
So be it.
