# Consumer Table Display Open
## 
### 
Making its first appearance yes
lerday, a consumer education table
hpjs been set up in the lobby in the
library. It is intended to aid stu
dents in wise buying and intelli
gent consumption, according to the
consumer committee.
Available for student use arc such
publications as Victory, the Consum
ers' Digest, Better Business pam
phlets, and articles covering every
phase of the consumer war effort.
Pertinent material will be supplied

' regularly by the OPA.
Under the direction of B<?ryl Rob
ison and Pete Paget, new articles
and magazines will be put out each
j week, so that students may be in
formed on the latest developments
in buying and care of consumer
goods.
"It is essential today to know how
to save what we have and to pre
serve the new things we get for the
duration," declared Miss Robison in
stressing the value of the exhibit.
