# ELECTION ASSURED
## 
### 
PORTLAND. Ore.. May 18 (UP).
â€”With less than 20 precincts miss
ing from some of Eastern Oregon's
least populous and most remote dis
tricts, Representative Walter M.
Pierce tonight held a 500-vote lead
over his youthful opponent for the
Democratic Second Congressional
District nomination, and appeared
assured of victory.

in such a manifestation as the
foregoing, the press plays an im
portant part. But the press should
remember that just as it has the
proper role of fostering and forward
ing proper criticism of government
in times of crisis, so should the press
entirely defend government in such
periods against all improper and
subversive criticism.
"Newspapers must strive to better
reflect, so they may better lead the
progress of civilization."
