# '59 'One-Acts' Seats on Sale
## 
### 
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
Winter One-Acts lieket sales
continue on Quad and at the Me
morial Auditorium box office
through next Friday.
This year's One-Acts will be
presented Feb. 11 through 14 in
the Little Theater of Memorial
Auditorium. Tickets are priced at
$1.23.
Sponsored by Ram's Head, this
annual threesome of plays writ
ten ami produced by students in
cludcs "God's in His Heaven,"
"The Grand Inquisitors" and
"Grunion Run."
The first one-act shows a view
of heaven as envisioned by athe
ists attending a "revival" meet
ing.
"The Grand Inquisitors" are
Russians who try to get informa
tion about MacArtbur's Korean
maneuvers from three downed
Yank airmen. The final act,
"Grunion Run," is a more contem
porary play dealing with college
life and sex.
