# 'Post' Features Health Council
## 
### 
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
The Mid - Peninsula Children's
Health Council is featured in the
Feb. 7 issue of the Saturday Eve
ning Post.
The article, by Milton Silver
man, a Bay Area writer, describes
the five-year growth of the organ
ization envisioned by Palo Alto
pediatrician Dr. Esther Clark.
The non - profit organization
aids children handicappe d
through birth defects, emotional
disturbances, mental retardation
and crippling diseases.
Two hundred children and their
families are presently receiving
help from the organization. Fam
ilies are given help in adjusting
to handicapped and mentally re
tarded children.
