# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
ASSU TRAVEL SERVICE
Last chance to obtain few
remaining seats on group
flights to
BOSTON
St LOUIS
KANSAS CITY
Sign Up Soon
Open 10-2:00 M-F. X 4437
