# Aid, Anyone?
## 
### 
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
All students Interested In serv
ing on a sub-committee of the
Committee on Student Financial
Aid should leave their names at
the ASSU Office before 4:30 p.m.
Thursday, December 1. Five stu
dent members will be named in
cluding both men and women,
both recipients of financial aid
and non-recipients. All classes
may apply.
