# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
HAIR .
LOSERS!
More than a sporting
proposition!
If Lucky Tiger doesn't
stop dandruff, the
maker will refund
your money.
There is a surprising
demand for Lucky
Tiger. Procurable at
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
Read the daily Want Ads.
