# TWO DIE IN SMASH
## 
### 
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
SALINAS, Jan. 24 (A I ) — Two per
sons were believed killed and two
others probably fatally injured to
day in a collision between two auto
mobiles and two trucks on the
Prunedale cut,off between Salinas
and Cilroy.
