# IN PATH OF JAPANESE INVASION OF JEHOL
## 
### 

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)

This old Chinese shrine, the temple of Buddha at Jehol, in the buffer province of Jehol, is one of man)
incient landmarks in the path of the current Japanese invasion. The temple was built in 1755. (As
sociated Press Photo)
