# Oxford Professor To Talk on Poet
## 
### 
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
Sir Ronald Syme, Camden Pro
fessor of History at Oxford Uni
versity, will speak on "Juvenal:
Literary Satire, Not Personal Ex
perience" at 4:15 p.m. today in
Room 283, Engineering Corner.
Professor Syme, who is also
the Sather Professor of Classical
Literature at the University of
California, is a distinguished
teacher and writer on the history
of the late Roman Republic and
early empire.
