# Smith Receives Borden Award
## 
### 
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
Dr. Thomas C. Smilh, associate J
professor of history, Monday re
ceived the second annual Borden
Award for the best work by a
scholar using the resources of
the Hoover Institution at the Uni
versity.
He was awarded the $100 prize
for his new book, "The Agrarian
Origins of Modern Japan." It was
chosen from 10 entries by a com
mittee headed by Dean Philip H.
Rhinelander, acting director ol
the Hoover Institution.
Smith's name will be inscribed
on a permanent plaque at the
Hoover Institution. Last year's
winner was Professor Oliver H.
Radkey of t lie University of
Texas.
The awar d was established by j
the Borden Company Foundation.
