# Grad Soccer Team Wins Recent frames
## 
### 
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
A graduate soccer team was
originally formed to give the var
sity soccer team some good com
petition for scrimmaging, but as
of now it is the only undefeated
team at Stanford University.
The record of the graduate soc
cer team is an enviable two-win,
no - loss and one - tie total. The
team started the season by light
ing to a scoreless draw with Poly
technic of San Francisco, but it
has progressed rapidly and fin
ished with victories over Travis
Air Force Base and the Ca] Ag
gies' graduate soccer squad. The
3-2 victory over Travis was espe
cially satisfying because a week
before they had beaten the Stan
ford Jayvees 131.
The victory over the Cal Agg'cs
was a .1-3 affair that saw center
forward Bill Wren put three
goa's into the net to pace the win.
The grad squad had no games
cheduled at the start of the sea
son and wasn't slated for game
action other than that provided
by the scrimmages with the var
sity. The varsity used to scrim
mage against the Jayvees, In'
the grads provided boll or eompe
t ition.
Foreign students, former Ivy
League s t u d en t sand former

Stanford varsity soccer players
comprise most of the graduate
team. Graduate students from
Turkey, Brazil, Finland, England,
Germany, Austria and Ire land
comprise the bulk of the team.
Peter Bauer of Princeton and
Ron Schildkraut from Dartmouth
represent the Ivy League schools.
Former Stan 112 or d students in
elude Sheldon Breiner and Sam
Stevens, a former All - American
inside. Wren is another player
who was an Indian as an under
gradua e.
