# Interview Job Signups
## 
### 
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
office of the Placement Service:
Benson and Net'f, Certified Pub
lie Accountants: Interviews Nov.
12 for staff accountants in San
Francisco. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in
accounting.
10. J. I)ii rone l)e Nemours &
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
openings in research develop
ment, production, design and
sales. Locations in Antioch, Calif.,
Victoria, Houston, Texas; Mid
west and East. B.S. and M.S. in
Chem. S., M.E., E.E., Chemistry.
U. S. citizens only.
Ernst & Ernst, Accountants: In
terviews Nov. 12 for men. Open
ings in audit staff in Bay Area.
Firestone Tire Si Rubber Com
pany (Guided Missile Division):
Interviews Nov. 12 for openings
in engineering department. 8.5.,
M.A., and Ph.D. in mechanical
engineering and electronic engi
neering; Ph.D.# physics. Male U.S.
citizens only.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Company: Interviews Nov. 12 for
positions in management develop
ment program in Northern Cali
fornia. A.8., 8.5., and Master's
Degrees in Business Administra
tion and Letters and Sciences
(administration, supervision, cus
tomer contracts, sales, and ac
counting). U.S. citizens desired.
Western Electric Company: In
terviews Nov. 12. Openings for
men in management development
program, San Francisco area.
A.Band Master's degrees in
Business Administration (com
munication, equipment, distribu
tion. and installation organiza
tions). U.S. citizens desired.
