# STANFORD GRADUATES
## 
### 
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
Another college romance culminated
today with the announcement of the
engagement of Miss A. M. Shumate,
'10, of Palo Alto and J.. Holman, '09,
of Portland, Ore. In their college
days both were prominent in Univer
sity activities. The bride-to-be is a
member of the Alpha Phi sorority.
Holman, is a four-star football man
and also participated in three inter
collegiate track meets. He is a mem
ber of Quadrangle Club and Zeta Psi.
The engagement of S. M. Spalding,
ex-'lO, and Miss C. Canfield, both of
Los Angeles, has been announced.
Spalding was a member of the Daily
Palo Alto staff and of the Mandolin
Club. He is connected with the bond
house of E. H. Rollins & Sons. No
date has been set for the wedding.
