# Pacific Coast's 'Team to Beat'
## 
### 

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)

Here's the way Stanford lines up for her first game. The line, left to right: Topping, end; Bcedle, tackle;
Reynolds, tackle; Muller, center; Rouble, guard; Adams, guard; Moscrip, end. Backfield, left to right: Alusti/.a,
half; Pauhuan, quarter; Grayson, full; Hamilton, half. (Associated Press Photo)
