# Barrymore In Pueblo Retreat
## 
### 
GALLUP, N.M., Sept. 23 (>P).â€”
Unshaven and nervous, John Barry
more, the great lover of the films,
drove deep into the fastness of the
Zuni Indian Pueblo today to "get
away from things," obviously the
tangled romance of his real life.
The 5.1-year-old star still was in
tent upon attempting a reconcilia
tion with his estranged wife, the
former Dolores Costello. But he had
compliments, too, for the acting
ability of his youthful admirer,
Elaine Barrie, 20, who raced half
way across the country from New
York trying to see him before giving
up the chase.
"I will certainly see my children
and I trust I will see Mrs. Barry
more, who is a very lovely and gra
cious woman," said Barrymore of
his plan to continue to Los Angeles
either during the night or tomor
row.
