# French Students To Enact Comedy
## 
### 
Moliere's comedy, "Les Precieuses
Ridicules," first scheduled for pro
duction last May, will be given by
French students under the auspices
of Pi Delta Phi on Thursday eve
ning, October 3, at 8:15 o'clock. This
French play, planned by the French
Honor Society, was postponed last
spring due to the measles epidemic.
Careful attention is being given to
costumes, music, and dancing. Stu
dents of the theater as well as stu
dents of French are urged to see
the famous play written by the most
outstanding French writer of com
edy.

A Miami. Florida, theater operator
was recently threatened with a dam
age suit by a woman who contracted
a cold in hiÂ« air-cooled amusement
house.
