# PARDONS FARMERS
## 
### 
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Federal Judge Albert L. Reeves to
day granted probation to 12 of 14
farmers who had pleaded guilty of
contempt of court and conspiracy to
interfere with a federal officer in
halting a farm foreclosure sale.
