# PRESIDENT SEES HOWE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 (JP). —
President Roosevelt ended a busy
first day at home today by visiting
his old friend and chief of the
White House secretariat, Louis Mc-
Henry Howe, who is ill at the naval
hospital. The President went to the
institution at dusk for a chat with
Howe, taken seriously ill months ago
and now slowly convalescent.
