# IL DUCE DENIES 'OBSERVATIONS'
## 
### 
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
GENEVA, Sept. 23 (/P). —Premier
Mussolini suddenly denied the pre
viously reported official character
of Italy's "observations," which con
stituted the government's rejection
of the League of Nations' peace plan
for the Italo-Ethiopian dispute, in
a dramatic announcement made late
tonight by Baron Pompeo Aloisi.
