# WINS AUTO RACE
## 
### 
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept. 23 (/P).—
Babe Stapp won by three-quarters
of a lap his second 50-mile automo
bile race at the new Robey speed
way. Stapp's winning time was
39:23 4-5. Frank Brisko was second
and Emil Andre third.

The U.C. varsity football squad
will have two sets of brothers—Bob
and Jack Brittingham, ends, and
Chuck and Ken Cotton, backs.
