# Lack of Prep Stars Weakens U.C. Cubs
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Sept. 23.â€”Lack of
outstanding prep school stars was
the main weakness which faced
"Clint" Evans, University of Cali
fornia freshman football mentor, as
the Bear yearling prospects paraded
before his critical eye in their ini
tial workout here September 14.
Numerous known players who
look promising in both practice and
previous record seem to point to a
formidable outfit, however, and
Evans may be counted upon to have
his team whipped into top-notch
shape to give the Stanford papooses
a royal battle in the anual Little
Big Game this year.

Phil Morentin, famous Indian dis
tance runner for Stanford, will try
a comeback on the cinders this sea
son, competing with the San Fran
cisco Olympic Club.
