# COLLEGE PRESIDENT DIES
## 
### 
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
BEL AIR, Md., Sept. 23 (/P). —
Stricken in the midst of an address
from the pulpit of the Bethel Pres
byterian Church near here, Dr. A.
Norman Ward, president of Western
Maryland College atid noted relig
ious leader, was dead today of a
heart attack.
