# Chappie Calls For 'Big Game' Humor
## 
### 
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
Jim Copp, Chaparral "Old Boy,"
issued a call today for all campus
funnymen to rally for the November
"Big Game" number, as the edition's
deadline is near.
Boys and girls wishing to contrib
ute some cute sayings or silly pic
tures are urged to call Copp at the
Chappie office or at Alpha Sigma
Phi. Leading contributors at the
end of the year are elected to Ham
mer & Coffin, national humor or
ganization founded at Stanford in
190 G.
