# Weather:
## 
### 
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
Generally cloudy through midweek. Chance of
showers late today through tomorrow. Local
morning drizzle. Continued cool. Overnight
lows in the mid 40s to low 50s. Highs in the
upper 50s and 60s. Westerly winds decreasing.
Chance of rain 20 percent today and 30 percent
tonight. Fair ITiursday and Friday. Increasing
clouds Saturday with a chance of showers. Near
normal temperatures.
