# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
Miss Winifred Gilbert, '07, the
daughter of Dr. C. H. Gilbert and a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta so
rority, was married yesterday noon
lo Mr. Carl Brawn, '06. a member of
Sigma Chi fraternity. The ceremony
was performed by Dr. Gardner ait
Palo Alto.
