# Professor H.E. Howard Returns.
## 
### 
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
Professor P>. 10. Howard, of the De
partment of Economies, returned to
the campus yesterday, after a two
weeks' visit at Louisville, Ky. While
there, Professor Howard attended the
convention of the National Tax Asso
ciation, both as a representative of
Stanford and of the State of Califor
nia. He served as a member of the
Committee on Resolutions of that or
ganization.
