# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
The organization of the University
Conference as effected to-day com
pletes the preliminary steps in a move
ment which, if properly supported by
the Student Body, should become an
important means of furthering the in
terests of the undergraduates and the
University community. The Confer
ence, under the amendment adopted
last April, is a standing committee
of the Associated Students and as
much a part of the undergraduate or
ganization as is the executive commit
tee.
.Many matters which would not come
under the consideration of the latter
organization, questions dealing with
matters of sentiment or tradition or
the actions of individuals or groups,
may be investigated and considered by
the University Conference in a man
ner which will result in better under
standing among the entire body of
undergraduates and between the fac
ulty and students. The success of the
Conference will depend upon the de
gree of support accorded by the Stu
dent Body. The members of the con
ference and the Advisory Committee
must be kept thoroughly in touch with
the sentiment and wishes of the Stu
dent Body through he initiative of he
undergraduates as individuals.
