# Students open law clinic in East Palo Alto
## 
### DAVID RISSER 
After nearly three years of efforts by a group of
Stanford Law School students, the East Palo Alto
Community Law Project was officially opened
Friday by the mayor of East Palo Alto at a ribbon
cutting ceremony.
1 aw students, faculty, members of the legal
profession and East Palo Alto community leaders
were on hand to celebrate the opening of a project
designed to serve "both the legal needs of the East
Palo Alto community and the clinical law program
in the Stanford Law School." according to Peggy
Russell. Russell, a third-year law student, served
until recently as the chairperson of the project's
organizing committee and is now a member ot its
Board of Directors.
The impetus for the program was the great need

tor legal services in East Palo Alto. Jim Steyer,
who graduated from Stanford Law School last year
and is one of the founding members of the project,
noted that some of the founding members had pre
viouslv worked in East Palo Alto. "All you have to
do is look around to see the great need here." he
said.
The IS.OOO residents of East Palo Alto, many of
them low-income, previously had access to only
one attorney in private practice. The city of Palo
Alto, with 60.000 residents, boasts over 500 attor
neys.
The project currently has a staff of three full
time attorneys who supervise Stanford law stu
dents. The students volunteer eight to ten hours
per week and obtain credit for their work. Three
undergraduates are involved now and project

directors are working to involve more undergradu
ates.
The project will focus primarily on housing and
landlord-tenant disputes and cases involving gov
ernment benefits. Other kinds of cases are
welcomed and. although the project provides no
direct criminal representation, a private criminal
lawyer will give advice and referral on criminal
cases.
Clients who cannot afford to pay will not be
charged for services. Those who can attord to pay
will be charged on a sliding scale not yet instituted.
The project actually opened to clients one
month ago and has received a variety of cases, ac
cording to Susan Balliet, executive director of the
