# Letters To The Editor
## Second-Class Members 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
It is disappointing that Dean
Joel P. Smith's otherwise
thoughtful and insightful re
marks on student activism and
student desire for educational re
form overlooked one of the most
important, if not the most im
portant, aspect of the new stu
dent mood. The Daily quotes
Dean Smith as saying, "Admin
inistrators have got to under
stand that these people really
have something to say and hear
them out, not in the usual con
descending way but with a clear
intent to pay attention and make
changes that are sensible." This
simply will not do. Students are
tired of being treated like sec
ond-class members of the uni
versity. If we really have some
thing to say, as Dean Smith con
cedes, then we should not be de
pendent on the caprice of some
potentially paternalistic admin
istator in order to say it. If
students are really going to be
heard, they are going to have to
be given the power to take part
in the decision making process
of the university.
I doubt whether reasonable
men will deny that there are cer
tain inherent problems in giving
this kind of power to students,
the main one being their rather
transient status as a part of the

university. But neither do I
doubt that if administrators and
faculty can be made to accept
the principle that students
should be given a real voice in

matters which directly affects
them, then viable solutions to
those inherent problems can be
worked out.
GEORGE HUNSINGER
