# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
An Army order for 800,000 wooden
folding chairs saved 4,000 tons of
steel.
