# STUDENTS STAGE RIOTS
## 
### 
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
Paris police had to be called into
the Sarbonne classrooms recently to
compel unsuccessful candidates for
bachelor degrees to keep the peace.
Such an enormous majority of candi
dates failed in their written Latin
examinations that they invaded the
classrooms while the few successful
students were taking their oral exami
nations and raised such a din that the
professor had to call the police to
clear them out.
