# O.A.C. PREPARES DIRECTORY
## 
### 
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
An alumni directory of all who have
ever attended Oregon Agricultural Col
lege is being prepared by the alumni of
fice. It will contain 9000 names ar
ranged both by class and geograph
ically.
