# COMPETE FOR BEST SIGN
## 
### 
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
Organized houses on the Oregon
Agricultural College campus are plan
ning novel features in signs advertis
ing Homecoming Day. The complete
expenses occurred in constructing the
signs are not to exceed $15.
