# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
Palo Alto Hospital—Pedro Ame
glio, Jerome Kaufman, Joseph Mur
tagh, and Franklin Sheehan.
Franklin Sheehan.
