# SUNDAY EVENING RECITAL
## 
### 
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
A special organ recital will be
given Sunday at 7:30 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. Warren D. Allen.
University organist, announced yes
terdav.
