# PLANS FOR REGATTA
## VARSITY AND FRESHMAN CREWS MAY GO TO SEATTLE. Alaska and Yukon Exposition to Have Intercollegiate Boat Races During Summer. 
### 
The Stanford crew will have an op
portunity this year to row in what
will probably be the largest intercol
legiate regatta ever held 011 the Pa
cific Coast.
Beside the regular intercollegiate
races this semester, the Alaska and
Yukon Exposition officials are ar
ranging to have a series of races dur
ing the time the exposition is in
progress. The date has not been defi
nitely decided as yet, but it will in
all probability fall on either May 30
or June 1. The E> position officials
have sent out invita* ions to the Uni
versities of Wisconsin, California,
Washington and Stanford. It is their
intention of holding 'he biggest inter
collegiate races yet held 011 the Pa
cific Coast and trying to further and
promote the rowing interests. It is
not known whether the University of
Wisconsin can make the trip, but
present indications are favorable to
ward the competition of the four uni
versities.
it is planned to have three races,
which necessitates the sending of
three crews from each University.
The races are to be for varsity fours,
varsity eights and freshman eights.
The varsity fours will race two miles,
the varsity eights will go over a four
mile course, and the freshman eights
will row the same distance as the var
sity fours.
The Alaska and Yukon Exposition
officials have offered Stanford a very
good financial proposition, and there
is no doubt at the present time but
what the Stanford crews will be giv
en every opportunity to represent the
Cardinal in the North. The crew men
are anxious to go, and, with the avail
aide material 011 hand, Stanford can
lie represented by three very good
crews.
Two more crew men signed up this
afternoon, and a number of the old
men, who have not signed up as yet,
will be out next Monday afternoon,
when active training will commence.
