# Untitled Article
## 
### 

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.

— k.'i I, , .
Niner fever
Palo Alto High School student Todd Stanley watches anxiously as
San Francisco 49er running back Roger Craiu signs a f'«K>thall for
him. The team has been practicing at Stanford in preparation for
this weekend's playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings.
