# Card baseball No. 2
## 
### 
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
The defending NCAA
champion Stanford baseball
team will begin the 1988
season ranked second in both
preseason collegiate polls.
Both the ESPN/Collegiate
Baseball poll and the Baseball
America poll, released yester
day, list the Cardinal behind
Oklahoma State. Stanford beat
Oklahoma State in the champi
onship game of the College

World Series in Omaha, Neb.,
last June to win the school's
first national baseball champi
onship.
Stanford begins its season
Jan. 29 with six starters and
five pitchers from last year's
team, including two First-
Team- All-Pacific- 10-Confer
ence selections: third baseman
Ed Sprague and reliever Steve
Chitren.
