# Y.W.C.A. ELECTS NEW OFFICERS AT MEETING
## 
### 
Y. W. C. A. held an election of of
ficers at its meeting yesterday with
the following results: President,
Irene Bennett, '19; vice president,
Gertrude Jones, '19; secretary, Flor
ence Rills, '19; treasurer, Lisette
Fast, '19; and the annual member,
Ellen Calhoun, '20.
Following the election, Mrs. Carol
Green Wilson, who is a member of the
advisory board, gave a talk on "Chris
tian Democracy," in which she ex
plained the discussion-group classes.
These are being formed by students
in most of the colleges of the United
States and Canada for the purpose of
preparing themselves to face the after
war problems. The classes are now
being planned by the Stanford women.
They have already been formed by the
men, with the aim of having one-half
of all the students enrolled. The
Canadian colleges place their aim at
Â»>0 per cent. In some universities of
the United States 100 per cent of the
students have entered these classes.
