# Adv. 29 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline fur "Chice Around the
Quad" items is !> p.m. of the day
before publication.
