# New Library Gets A New Librarian
## 
### 
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
Warren B. Kuhn, assistant li
brarian for circulation and as
sociate professor at Princeton,
has been appointed librarian of
the Undergraduate Library and
assistant director of University
libraries, effective Sept. 1, 1965.
In his present position, he di
rects the major circulation and
reserve systems of the Princeton
University Library and has been
responsible for the planning,
book selection, and operation of
Princeton's new Julian Street
Library for undergraduates.
Kuhn supervises the stack
service of the Firestone Library
with a collection of 1,500,000
volumes, and handles all off
campus patrons, including stu
dents, corporate, and organiza
tional borrowers.
Concurrently, he is a visiting
lecturer at the graduate school
of library science at the Drexel
Institute of Technology. He has
had extensive experience in ed
iting and magazine layout, and
is the author of over 100 short
stories, articles, and radio and
television scripts.
Kuhn formerly held positions
at the New York Public Library,
the University of New Mexico,
and at Arizona State. He was
educated at New York and Co
lumbia Universities.
