# Special Entertainment Section
## See The Collector,' Decide For Yourself 
### SUE BRIGGS 
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
The Collector pits the living
vitality which motivates art
against the acquisitive envy of
life which would eventually
stamp out art and the sort of
life upon which it thrives. Wil
liam Wyler's production devel
ops the theme of John Fowles'
novel with tragic power subtly
undermined here and there by
aspects of script and staging.
The conflict begins as a de
sire on the part of the collector
to capture and win recognition
from the artist with whom he is
fascinated and develops toward
a Marxian dichotomy of "Have"
vs. "Have-not." This much is es
tablished from his part; her in
sight into the relationship and
the resulting epiphanies point
out for both the fact that there
is no viable solution to the con
flict. She loves life; he loves
death. While he is in power, she
is not going to escape alive.
THE SCRIPT brings out skill
fully a strange logic governing
the relationship between this
captor and his captive: a wryly
humorous capacity for bargain
ing, play, and even a degree of
mutual dependency. The near
warmth of developing under
standing is rather beautiful at
times threatening to save them
from the outcome of the con
flict.
Fowles' novel utilizes Miran
da's diary In addition to the
Collector's methodical voice to
bring out the theme. Wyler
achieves more in the casting of
his prize-winning principles, Sa
mantha Eggar and Terrance
Stamp. Everything is seen in
powerful detail as it can never
be seen in a novel — it is writ
ten upon human faces. Stamp
embodies all the fearful and pa
thetic qualities with gesture,
posture and movement. Even his
dance of glee at the successful
capture of the artist is a sadly
limited, lurching business. The
effectiveness of his pathos
makes his eyes all the more
powerful in arousing terror.
Sam ant ha Eggar is just as
stunning with a love of life both
gentle and fierce. The instinc
tive and just short of deadly
hatred for the collector, her
powerlessness first to conceal
than to overcome it with pity
makes of Miranda Gryn a real
person with capacity for faults
necessary for a veritable tragic
figure.

The story is lighter than real
tragedy thanks to a musical
score rollicking with music box
gaiety alongside the camera. Of
course the music grows Eerie at
appropriate moments, but the
precision with which it does
tends to undermine the reality
and tragedy so that it is scarey,
but not too real.
PHOTOGRAPHER Surtees em
ploys imaginative devices with
a similar effect. Whether perch
ed on Stamp's shoulder as he
catches his prey in a rear view
mirror or flashing back and
forth between faces, the camera
is constantly juxtaposing the
juxtaposed—just a bit too nice
ly. The viewer never forgets he
is looking at a Film — beautiful
ly photographed, but again, not
real.
The setting and effects em
phasize surrealism as well from
the glow of the heater in the
captive's room to the torrential
downpours which happen at
dramatic moments. So long as
Surtees does not emphasize any
sense of weather other than a
sunniness unbelievable for Eng
land, these storms are made to
seem rather arbitrary.
Given indisputably great act
ing, the final judgment of whe
ther Wyler's production is Hol
lywood glamorization of a novel
or ingenious understatement of
an otherwise terribly obvious
and heavy Conflict can be de
cided by no one but the individ
ual viewer. With or without such
a judgment, the film is definite
ly worth seeing.
