# D.U. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
Interfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Bolt, '40, to
Delta Upsilon.
