# Colors, Music To Be Blended By Glee Club
## 
### 
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
Science and art are conventionally
as unmixable as alcohol and water.
But .Stanford's Glee Clubs and as
sistant Professor Robert Ross of the
psychology department have found
a way to combine the two, so that
the product is both experimentally
sound and artistically # pleasing.
Instead of the traditional neutral
settings, the combined Glee Clubs
will sing their home concert this
Saturday night before gorgeous col
or backgrounds, chosen to fit in aes
thetically with each different com
position sung. The settings have
•been designed by Ross and lighting
expert J. P. Cahn, based on material
obtained from experiments conduct
ed by Ross throughout the past four
years.
STARTED IN 1 !>:i4
In 1934, at Yale University, where
Ross was studying in psychology
and dramatics, he conducted experi
ments determining the exact psycho
logical effect of colors. Over 600
subjects were given an adjective
scale, then confronted with a wide
variety of colors. The adjective
which best seemed to fit each color
was checked, and the results com
piled by Ross.
For instance, red might have been
checked by some individuals as
"lively," or by others as "strong."
From the wide spread of tested sub
jects and colors used, a correlation
was established between moods and'
visual color stimuli.
Last fall, a similar procedure was
followed, with music substituted for
colors. The elementary psychology
class was given the same adjective
scale used previously, and heard re
cordings of the music to be sung by
the Glee Clubs Saturday night.
CORRELATIONS FIXED
Music and adjectives were
matched. Finally, using the stand
ard adjective scale, it was possible
to correlate music and colors. From
this correlation, color backgrounds
have been devised for the concert.
For the most part two-tone com
binations will be used, with lights
thrown on a neutral backdrop. The
Glee Clubs will be mounted in the
center of the state on a large rec
tangular unit. Water color sketches
have been made of each setting by
Ross and Cahn, and will be exhibit
ed at the end of the week at the
English Corner.
