# Dink's Ace Spear Tosser
## 
### 

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)

WITH A TOP MARK of 200 feet 3'j inches chalked up. Bill Braheny,
Stanford's Number 1 javelin man, is credited with a better than even
chance of taking his event in the Big Meet Saturday. He is pictured
here as he let fly with bis winning toss in the Card-Washington meet.
(Photo by Dudman)
