# Theater Matinee
## 
### 
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
A staged reading of Lennox Rob
inson's one - act play, "Crabbed
Youth and Age," will be the Wed
nesday Matinee presentation in the
Little Theater at 4:15 p.m. Stu
dents, faculty, and visitors arc in
vited.
