# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Z. Klopsch an
nounce the engagement of their
daughter Margery, '54, to Corporal
Charles F. Elliott, Harvard '53.
