# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
It is disgraceful to stumble
against the same stone twice.
—Anon.
