# At the Theatres
## 
### 
Grand opera, concert, George M.
Cohan comedy, vaudeville and feature
"movie" attractions vie to win the fa
vor in San Francisco this week-end.
"Seven Keys to Baldpate," combin
ing laughs, mystery and thrills with
the skillful "georgemcohan" knack of
pleasing the popular fancy is winning
marked favor at the Columbia. Cyril
Scott, whose work in"The Prince
Chap" and"The Lottery Man" is a
pleasant memory, heads the capable
cast of New York and Chicago play
ers. Performances are given every
evening, including Sunday, and the
regular Saturday matinee is an
nounced. The engagement of this suc
cessful comedy-melodrama will con
tinue next week.
Alma Gluck, the noted contralto, and
Zimbalist, the master violinist, will be
in a joint concert at the Columbia
Sunday afternoon, at three o'clock.
Exceptionally interesting musical
numbers are programmed.
Eleanora de Cisneros, prima donna
mezzo-soprano, who has won operatic
triumphs in Convent Garden, La Scaln,
and the Manhattan Opera House, heads
the Orpheum vaudeville this week. Va
lerie Beryere is presenting a clever
Edgar Allan Woolf sketch, "The Locks
of Panama," on the same bill, which
also includes Ray Samuels and other
popular variety artists. Matinees arc
given daily at the Orpheum, and the
new program . opens at the Sunday
matinee.
The Cort is exhibiting the William
son Submarine Pictures every after
noon and evening. "High Jinks," with
Stella Mayhew and a clever company
from the New Yo.rk Casino, will open
an engagement Sunday evening.
