# California To Hold Relay Carnival.
## 
### 
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
The newly organized "Big 'C' So
ciety," of California, has arranged
for a relay carnival to be held on
the university track on the morning
of April 11. Teams from all the col
leges, preparatory schools, and clubs
on the Coast will be invited to com
pete.
In addition to this, certain invita
tion events will be held—a 100-yard
dash, one-mile run, shot put., pole
vault, and high jump.
