# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
The attitude of the"Daily Palo
Alto" in regard to the suspension
of twelve men by the Student Affairs
Committee for participating in the
parade of last Thursday night re
mains unchanged. We are absolutely
firm in our belief that a great injus
tice has been done to these twelve
students. In taking a few men from
among the large number that were
involved in the parade the Commit
tee has clearly been unfair to them,
as well as to the other two hundred
and forty-six who were equally in
volved in the affair. Since Chair
man Clark in liis own statement ad
mits that an injustice has been done
these men, it is only right that this
injustice should be remedied at
once. As the matter now stands ev
ery man who signed "the petition
which has been placed in Chairman
Clark's hands is in practically the
same position as the twelve who
were suspended, as far as the parti
cipation in the parade is concerned.
Consequently, the twelve men should
be reinstated or an equal penalty
inflicted upon all those who took
part in the parade. Inasmuch as
twelve men have been suspended, ev
ery other participant in the parade
should receive similar treatment.
And if all the other students in the
parade are not to be suspended,
these twelve men should be reinstat
ed. There is no distinction in re
gard to the cases and we feel that
all should be treated alike. This
we believe to be a fair and logical
view of the situation as it now
stands.
