# 'Drofnats' Hoots; Denies U.C. Game Was In The Bag
## 
### 
Supposedly frozen to death
on the icy wastes of Mt. Ham
ilton, Johnny Drofnats .sur
prised Daily collaborators by
appearing at one of the staff's
poker games last night.
"I decided to forego the Mt.
Hamilton trip," Drofnats said.
On his way out, Drofnats
laughed derisively when inter
viewed concerning certain pub
lished reports that Stanford
had "thrown" Saturday night's
game to the Golden Bears in
order to assist the Berkeley
team's chances for the Southern
Division of the Pacific Coast
Conference hoop title.
"Gracious, no. Gracious, no,"
concluded Drofnats. "California
beat Stanford without any 'ly
ing down.' Why? Oh, just be
cause I picked 'em."
