# Adv. 9 Page 5
## 
### 
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
rir^-^r
)
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for thoir
Diamond Rings
Because: They haVi
shopped and compared atid
have found that Carlylc'a
prices are never higher —
and In most Instances are
substantially lower than
priccs elsewhere — for the
same quality .diamonds
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENT*
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'hi 9
