# No Course Change
## Surveyor Hits Tonite 
### 
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) —
Scientists said Surveyor 7 was
on so accurate a path Monday
night they will not have to
make another steering maneu
ver before the spacecraft lands
on the moon.
"Everything is green, no
problems," said a spokesman
for Jet Propulsion Laboratory
as the craft came within 50,000
miles of the lunar surface at
5:30 p.m. PST.
The 2,288-pound craft is ex
pected to soft-land this after

noon about 5:05 p.m., PST, the
spokesman said.
Controllers radioed an initial
direction change Sunday after
noon and said the operation
went well.
The initial course adjustment
was necessary because the
booster rocket that powered the
2,288-pound vehicle from Cape
Kennedy, Fla., early Sunday
aimed it at the crater Hippar
chus, 1,000 miles north of
Tycho.
U.S. space agency scientists
had designed Hipparchus as
the traget but then decided the
Tycho region was better suited
to the mission's goal of sam
pling subsurfac * material. Be
cause it is a newer crater, the
soil ejected when Tycho was
created has had less time to be
changed by erosion.
Easier Course
Engineers figured it would b •
easier to change Surveyor's
course in flight than to rebuild
the booster's electronics.
The highlands north of Tycho
were picked although they ap

pear to be rugged, and comput
er analysis gives Surveyor 7 a
43 per cent chance of landing
safely. Surveyors 5 and 6, both
of which were successful, were
given 47 per cent chances.
Surveyor 7's target area is
only 12 miles in diameter
whereas previous Surveyor tar
get areas were 37 miles wide. A
Jet Propulsion lab spokesman
said the spacecraft is aimed at
a "relatively smooth but still
damned rough" piece of terrain.
Men Next
The unmanned flight is to be
the last lunar mission before
man makes the trip, perhaps
next year.
Previous Surveyors have in
vestigated four primary lunar
landing areas and prov d them
safe for manned expeditions.
The Surveyor 7 mission is pure
ly scientific.
Surveyor 7 is packing more
equipment than its predecessor.
Included are a television cam
era, a small shovel to dig
trenches up to 18 inches deep,
a miniature chemistry lab to
analyze soil composition and
magnets to detect metallic ma
terial.
