# Gorton New Aussie P.M.
## 
### 
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)
—Australia's Liberal party
elected Sen. John Grey Gorton
its leader Tuesday, assuring his
installation as the country's
new prime minister, probably
on Wednesday.
Gorton, the 56-year-old gov
ernment leader of the senate,
was chosen to succe d Prime
Minister Harold Holt, who dis
appeared three weeks ago while
swimming off the southeast
coast.
Since Holt disappeared John
McEwen, Holt's deputy prime
minister and leader of the Coun
try Party, has been serving as
caretaker prime minister. The
Country Party is the junior
member of the Liberal-Country
party coalition which has gov
erned Australia since 1949.
