# MAKES SOLDIERS DRILL
## 
### 

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)

The first regimental review held for a woman since the visit of Queen
Marie of Roumania, was held for Mrs. Isabella Greenway, representative
to Congress from Arizona, by troops at Fort Huachacha. She is shown
with Colonel John Franklin, commander, watching the troops at drill.
(Associated Press photo.)
