# Fans Demand Broadcasting
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5 </P).—
Organized opposition to radio broad
casting of Pacific Coast Conference
football games next year probably
will not develop at the meeting of
conference representatives at Palm
Springs, it was learned tonight.
Officials of several California uni
versities who had expressed opposi
tion to the broadcasting of games re
vealed they had been flooded with
letters asking that the practice be
continued.
Before leaving for Pasadena to
night, Alfred R. Masters, Stanford
graduate manager, said the broad
casting question had not been in
cluded in the list of business to come
before the conference meeting and
that he would not press the matter.
He had previously stated his opposi
tion to the broadcasting.
