# DETROIT PLACES BALL TO SCORE AGAINST COUGARS
## 
### 

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.

Wieczorak, Detroit fullback, put the hall in position on this play for the touchdown which followed on the
next play to give Detroit a fi to 0 victory over Washington State College in an intersectional game which took
place in the Michigan city.
