# Stanford Dames To Hear Light Opera in Program
## 
### 
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
A general meeting of the. Stanford
Dames will be held at 3 o'clock this
afternoon in the Women's Clubhouse.
Professor Morgan of the German
department has arranged a program
based on Gilbert and Sullivan light
opera to be presented by students in
the department.
Newly elected officers of the so
ciety who will serve during the year
are: president, Mrs. Edward T.
Schenk; vice-president, Mrs. John
Russell; secretary, Mrs. Bonnor
Brown: treasurer, Mrs. Wilber E.
Moser. There are 40 active members
in ihe society.
