# BANQUET HONORS DEBATE WINNERS
## Mellinkoff, Rogers, Gros Feted by Council 
### 
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
Dave Mellinkoff and Bill Rogers,
winners of the Salt Lake tourna
ment, were the heroes of the hour
last night at the banquet given for
them by the Debate Council in the
Union.
Presented by Bob Gros, debate
manager and their manager for the
trip, the two victors modestly gave
credit for their winning the tourna
ment, in which over 100 teams of
the western United States were rep
resented, to the successful manage
ment of Gros; while Gros paid trib
ute to the two men for their ability
to win under fire.
He said that Mellinkoff and Rog
ers must have been debating under
"divine revelation," a tenet of the
Mormon Church, for the first two
days of the contest, because they
had left in their Reno hotel room all
their notes, dealing with phases of
limitation of international arms
shipment, the subject of the tourna
ment.
In presenting the cup to Debate
Coach Lee Chapin, Bob Gros com
mented on the fact that because of
the policy of the debating depart
ment against tournament debating,
this cup was the first to be won by
Stanford. He urged that tournament
debating be given a small place in
the debate program in the future,
beiiuse nf the worth of this type of
contest in the Salt Lake tournament.
