# Halls To Give Autumn Hop
## 
### 
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
A large crowd is expected to at
tend Ihe Branner - Toyon Clubs
dance this Saturday evening in the
Toyon lobby, which will feature a
novel lighting effect and the music
of Ernie Heckscher's orchestra.
There will be a public address
system from an outside firm and
students are assured of a good tone
from the music no matter where they
happen to be dancing. Branner Club
members must receive admittance
cards from Sam Anderson, Branner
Club manager, before they will be
allowed to enter.
Toyon members must present their
club cards, and outsiders will be
charged $1 per couple.
