# HANDBALL TEAMS WANTED
## 
### 
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
"The intramural handball tourney
has thus far only attracted six
teams, and before the round-robin
begins at least 8 more pairs should
sign up," Mr. Clayton W. Frye, in
structor in hygiene and physical
education and director of the tour
nament stated yesterday. The
matches are open to students, fac
ulty, and officers alike and medals
will be awarded to the winning
team.
