# CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
## 
### 
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
Because of the folk-drama to be
given in the Union court, the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Christian
Science Organization will be held
tonight at 7:15 o'clock rather than
the usual time. All students, fac
ulty members, and their friends are
cordially invited to attend.
