# Stanford Picked For P.C.C. Title
## 
### 
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
Edward "Slip" Madigan, St. Mary's
pigskin mentor, has picked the
Stanford Indians for the Pacific
Coast football championship. Madi
gan stated that if Stanford could de
velop any kicking power it would
have without doubt the strongest
squad on the Coast.
Organization in last year's squad
was perfect in the California and
Dartmouth games, and if Stanford is
not crippled too much by the loss of
Pete- Fay, Madigan believes that the
Indian "Steamroller" should really
roll in the coming season.
