# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Foii the benefit of Stanford's
guests, a practice game will be
played on the campus tomorrow
afternoon. Yell leaders have been
appointed, and the committee in
charge requests the students to turn
out in a body for an old-time foot
hall rally on the bleachers. Noth
ing could he better for tlx- opening
of the fo-tball season, and nothing
would he more welcome to the re
turning volunteers than to witness
such a rally on the campus. Let
every one come to the football
grounds tomorrow prepared to give
the yell leaders their assistance.
Foii the benefit of Stanford's
guests, a practice game will be
played on the campus tomorrow
afternoon. Yell leaders have been
appointed, and the committee in
charge requests the students to turn
out in a body for an old-time foot
hall rally on the bleachers. Noth
ing could he better for tlx- opening
of the fo-tball season, and nothing
would he more welcome to the re
turning volunteers than to witness
such a rally on the campus. Let
every one come to the football
grounds tomorrow prepared to give
the yell leaders their assistance.
Foii the benefit of Stanford's
guests, a practice game will be
played on the campus tomorrow
afternoon. Yell leaders have been
appointed, and the committee in
charge requests the students to turn
out in a body for an old-time foot
hall rally on the bleachers. Noth
ing could he better for tlx- opening
of the fo-tball season, and nothing
would he more welcome to the re
turning volunteers than to witness
such a rally on the campus. Let
every one come to the football
grounds tomorrow prepared to give
the yell leaders their assistance.
Foii the benefit of Stanford's
guests, a practice game will be
played on the campus tomorrow
afternoon. Yell leaders have been
appointed, and the committee in
charge requests the students to turn
out in a body for an old-time foot
hall rally on the bleachers. Noth
ing could he better for tlx- opening
of the fo-tball season, and nothing
would he more welcome to the re
turning volunteers than to witness
such a rally on the campus. Let
every one come to the football
grounds tomorrow prepared to give
the yell leaders their assistance.
Foii the benefit of Stanford's
guests, a practice game will be
played on the campus tomorrow
afternoon. Yell leaders have been
appointed, and the committee in
charge requests the students to turn
out in a body for an old-time foot
hall rally on the bleachers. Noth
ing could he better for tlx- opening
of the fo-tball season, and nothing
would he more welcome to the re
turning volunteers than to witness
such a rally on the campus. Let
every one come to the football
grounds tomorrow prepared to give
the yell leaders their assistance.
Foii the benefit of Stanford's
guests, a practice game will be
played on the campus tomorrow
afternoon. Yell leaders have been
appointed, and the committee in
charge requests the students to turn
out in a body for an old-time foot
hall rally on the bleachers. Noth
ing could he better for tlx- opening
of the fo-tball season, and nothing
would he more welcome to the re
turning volunteers than to witness
such a rally on the campus. Let
every one come to the football
grounds tomorrow prepared to give
the yell leaders their assistance.
