# SEQUOIA DECIDES ON ROBLE DINNER DATE
## 
### 
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
At last night's meeting of the Se
quoia Eating Club, the time of the
exchange dinner with Roble was
set at 6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Nominations were made for the
position of sophomore member of
the executive committee, and Craig
Grover, Dick Hails, and Richard
Eaton were chosen to run for this
office. The election will be held
Monday night.
The club also decided upon Wed
nesday supper as the "song meal"
at which bleacher songs and rally
tunes Vill be sung.
