# Last Chance Today For Senior Photos
## 
### 
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
Seniors will have their last ex
clusive opportunity today to sit for
iheir Quad potographs at Watson
Studios' campus shop across the
street from the Press Building be
tween the hours 9 to 12 o'clock and
1 to 4:30 o'clock. Business arrange
ments force the beginning of pho
tography of Roble Club members
tomorrow, followed next week by
those of fraternity and sorority
members.
About 450 seniors have been pho
tographed to date. Seniors may pur
chase Quads for $7 at the studio or
pay $1.50 for their photographs, such
sum to apply for future purchase of
a Quad if the senior so desires.
Proofs are now ready for all pic
tures taken up to Tuesday of last
week. Seniors possessing Quad re
ceipts are requested to bring them
to the studio when they come for
their sittings today.
Members of Roble Club between
"A" and "K" will be photographed
tomorrow and "L" to "Z" on Thurs
day. Full detail of fraternity and
sorority pictures will be released
shortly.
