# NEWMAN CLUB PLANS TO MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
A short business meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 o'clock in
the Women's Clubhouse, Jack Red
head, president, announced last
night. Completion of plans for the
remainder of the quarter is sched
uled for the session, as well as an
nouncement of important events. All
old Newman Club members and any
new Catholic students are invited
to attend.
