# SCREEN AND RADIO STARS WED
## 
### 

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.

Dorothy Mackaill, English-born moving picture actress, is shown
with her new husband, Neil Albert Miller, Los Angeles radio singer.
They were married at Yuma, Ariz.
