# Adv. 17 Page 7
## 
### 
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
You.ve never
tasted any
thing like it!
That double delicious
"BIG MAC"
luscious double dccked
burger
DOUBLE THICK
jOHNNY
MAC SHAKES, TOO
Both found only at
JOHNNY
MACS
DRIVE-IN
<--•> ,/i
on El Camino
in Redwood City
and Mountain View
