# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Dale Robinson, class
of '51, to Ernie Schmidt, pre-lega'
economics major, class of 49.
