# On Your Dial-880
## 
### 
Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

Haven't got a date? Bored with
life? Just call DA 2-3971 tonight
any time from 7 to 11 and the KSU
engineers will play anything you
want ... in the way of records.
SUNDAY
7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:3o—Sports Barrel
7:4")— Chapel
K:ofl—Cardinal Classics
9:o(f—<Mn?ic for Studying
9:.') ft—U.S. Nav> Band
9:l.»—Eddy Duehin Show
10:00—Stanford Radio Playhouse
10:30—Lockout Club
11 ;00—News
For first-hand information from
the election candidates, keen in
mind KSU election speeches Mon
day and Tuesday from 9:30 to 10.
Monday the class presidential can
didates will speak. Tuesday the
candidates for ASSU president and
vice-president will speak.

