# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
A budget of $90,000,000 a year is
needed to run tie University of
California.
