# FALSE ALARM GIVEN
## 
### 
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
Fire whistles blowing at neon !
yesterday turned out to be a false
alarm. Tlie Stanford fire department j
had been notified of a fire between ;
Arguello and Serra.
