# Volley Ball League To Be Formed Thursday
## 
### 
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
All men interested in the formation
of a volley ball league are invited to
meet in the Stanford gym court, 011
Thursday evening, at 7:30. A lot of
competition is assured. The Palo Alto
Community Center, Roos Bros, and the
Athletic Club of Mayfield have teams,
and there is a big interest in this
activity among the students, so there
should be plenty of practice games
scheduled. Coach Maloney is looking
for a big representation Thursday. t
