# Monday Is Last Day To Apply For Medals
## 
### 
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
Announcement was made today by the
R. O. T. C. headquarters that next Mon
day i sthc last date at which forme.-
service men may receive Victory Medals
on the campus.
An army field clerk will be at the head
quarters in Encina Gymnasium between
the hours of 10 and 5 o'clock on Mon
day. He will receive applications frnm
ex-service men at that time. Those who
make application fo rthe medals should
bring their discharge papers with them
at the time that they make application.
