# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tueke is nothing perhaps in the
way of accessories to her student
life of which our University stands
SiÂ» much in need as a few good
rousing college songs. At present
within all her jurisdiction she can
boast of hut one typical college
song, and that, one that is appro
priate only for certain occasions.
In tin; past all our poets and mu
sical writers have devoted their at
tention exclusively to the composi
tion of football songs and to items
of lesser importance, without choos
ing to enter the broader Held of
collegiate interest and take advan
tage of the favorable opening un
doubtedly awaiting their produc
tions there. During the recent
t rip of the Glee and Mandolin Clubs
it was clearly demonstrated that
typical col lege songs are an absolute
necessity to a university, and are
acquisitions without which she can
ill afford to be. The clubs were
frequently importuned to sing and
play "Stanford songs," everybody
seeming to regard it as a matter of
course that a crowd of college stu
dents must surely have an unlim
ited number of such '"necessities"
on hand. Of course the requests
had to be denied and the plea of
ignorance set up, but it was with a
shame-faced feeling that the excuse
was made. A college song is as
much associated with a university,
in the public mind, as is an ath
letic team or a debuting society,
and it is safe to say that the uni
versity that is totally lacking in
that respect must inevitably be re
garded as a very sleepy and unim
portant institution. There seems
to be no way of mending the defi
ciency except by stimulating to
greater activity those persons who
have the ability in the line just
mentioned, ll might be well per
haps to make it an object to them,
but if they could only see the mat
ter in its proper light they would
not wait for such an incentive, but
would at once begin the work of
their own accord.
