# Indian Golf Team Meets Alameda, Fresno State
## 
### 
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
Stanford’s golf team plays two
matches this weekend. Today it
meets Alameda State College in
Oakland and tomorrow it meets
Fresno State on the Stanford
Course at 12 noon.
The team is undeteated, having
beaten Peninsula Golf and Coun
try Club, San Francisco State,
and Santa Clara in its previous
matches.
