# Stanford Debate Team To Join 'World Series'
## 
### 
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
Stanford is one of 16 colleges
and universities selected to par
ticipate in a “world series” of
debating which will be nationally
televised for several weeks in
April.
Stanford debaters will be Edie
Brown, a senior political science
major and pre-law student and
Mike Hall, a senior in Hispanic
American Studies. Dr. Jon Eric
son, director of forensics at Stan
ford, was named to the four-man
national committee to set up pro
cedure for the debates.
In a West Coast preliminary,
Stanford will debate Pacific Lu
theran in Tacoma. Washington,
March 30. and USC will meet San-
Diego. A win in this round would
put Stanford debaters in the
Western Championship (U.S.
quarter-finals) on the topic: “Re
solved, that the House Un-Amer
ican Activities Committee should
be discontinued.”
In balloting to select teams for
the championship debates, Stan
ford tied for fifth place with
Northwestern. Other schools
chosen were: Baylor, Dartmouth,
Holy Cross, Kansas State Teach
ers, Kings College, Miami Uni
versity, North Texas State, Ohio
State. Pacific Lutheran Universi
ty, Pittsburgh, San Diego State,
Southwest Missouri, University of
South Carolina, and University of
Southern California.
Sponsors of the nationwide de
bate arc the American Student
Foundation, the American For
ensic Association, and the Na
tional Educational Television
system, which will televise the
“world series” debate.
