# Spring Football
## 
### 
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
All spring football practice can
didates will meet in the basket
ball pavilion Monday, April 8, at
4:30 p.m. Spring practice is open
to all eligible students and attend
ance at this meeting is most im
portant.
