# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
plan to get activity credit must
attend or send a substitute.
SWAC: 4:15, Tresidder. Impor
tant meeting.
YMCA: 12, Women’s Clubhouse,
third floor. Religious Affairs
Luncheon. Dean Winbigler: Third
Person Responsibility— Does It
Work?
