# Ram's Head Announces 'Winter One-Acts' Cast
## 
### 
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
The casting for Ram’s Head
1963 Winter One-Acts has been
completed and the plays are now
in rehearsal, announced Fred
Brandt, producer.
The three student-written plays
are “A Lion in the Living Room.”
by Brad Efron; "The Phormio,”
by the Roman playwright Ter
ence and translated by Dan Ar
naud; and “Where There’s a Will,
There’s a Play,” by Dave Kirk.
Already cast in Efron’s avant
garde comedy are Henry Ernst
thal, Randy Hoey, Judy Holmes,
Jim Maino, and Bruce Salbatore.
Professor Charles Beye of the
Classics Department has one of
the loads in "The Phormio,”
which will be directed by Steven
Gilborn. Also in the cast are Rob
in Brown, Victor Emel.janow, Nel
da Halkett, J. Peter Kahn, Ste
phen Lawry. Susan Leich Ron
Roberts, Bruce Salvatore, and
Fred Watkins.
Dave Kirk will direct his own
play, and has compiled a cast in
cluding Alice Jo Amis, Tim Bur
kett, Merrill Collett, James
Glass, Doug Hall, Stephen Lawry,
Mark Lee, Franklin Leib, Robert
Lepp. Larry Madison, Pauline
Peotter, Mike Renquist, Kerry
Roach, Bruce Salvatore, Richard
Smith, Donna Stone, and Paula
Truesdale.

Still needed for the cast of "A
Lion in the Living Room’' is a
young girl, from six to eight
years old. Any interested parent
should call Robin Brow at the
Ram’s Head office.
