# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warning you that some
thing has gone wrong by
running a few minutes
slow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
•
A Complete {ewelry
Stock
9
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
*
GIFTS FOR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
{. {AY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
