# Nominations Open Tuesday For 10 Offices
## Candidates Must File For Council, Excom, Yell Leader Positions 
### 
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
Nominations for ten important
A.S.S.U. offices will open Tuesday
morning at S o'clock, according to
Betty Moses, election board chair
man.
Petitions, bearing the signatures
of 15 eligible voters, may be drop
ped in the box on Law Steps until
5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, it
was announced. In addition to the
ten positions for which nominations
are open, the ballot on Feb. 11 will
select next year's head yell. king
and his two assistants.
The winter election will fill the
post of B.A.C. member recently va
cated by Clyde Jeffrey. Three Ex
ecutive Committee jobs will be
filled—those of graduate member,
junior man, and sophomore woman.
For the past year they have been
held by John Porter, Bob Low, and
Sylvia Berry.
Three men's council spots and the
same number of berths on women's
council will be filled, also.
"Petitions may be signed by only
those persons who are eligible to
vote for the position," Betty Moses
said. "In other words, men may not
sign petitions for women's council,
or vice versa," she added.
