# DAILY STAFF
## 
### 
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
Pat Mooney has been appointed
copyreader on the editorial Stall' of
The Daily.
