# Brown v. Nixon—Which is Worse?
## 
### 
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
An open debate on the topic,
"Resolved, that the election of
Nixon would be an even greater
catastrophe than the re-election
of Brown,” will bo held this eve
ning at 7:30 in room 282 (small
lounge) of the Union.
This will be the first in a series
of debates sponsored by the
Speech Association and patterned
after the famous Oxford Union
debates.
Mike Hall, director of the series,
announced that no speakers have
been selected to prepare opening
statements as such. Some of the
campus’ most active politicos,
however, have indicated that they
will bo present to discuss the top
ic informally. Hall emphasized
that this will in no way be a panel
discussion by “political experts,”
but will be instead a forum for
all students to comment on as
pects of the election which inter
est them or to ask questions of
other speakers.
There will be a few impromptu
speakers from the floor, pro and
con speakers alternating. The
speakers can bo interrupted and
questioned by interested mem
bers of the audience. After the de
bate, a vote will be taken on the
proposition.
