# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

PUCKS LIKE IT-But Stanford students weren't too happy with
the deep, muddy puddles which covered the campus yesterday.
Here, Filoanor Wood, Branner freshman, is about to jump over
one oi the "small lakes." - Daily photo by Glenn Erickson
