# INSIDE
## 
### 
Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



Things That Make
for a long winning
streak belong to the
women's soccer team
See Sports, page 9

You Go
to the wrong places
if you use a campus
map that was altered
See News, page 2

Hmmm
President Bush ponders
how to confront Iraq's
nuclear capabilities
See World & Nation, page 3



