# HOEDOWNERS
## 
### 
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
The Village Hoedowners. a Stan
ford folk dance group, meets regu
larly on Friday nights at the Stan
ford Village auditorium at 7:30.
Dances taught at the Wednesday
night group on campus will be re
viewed and everyone is welcome to
attend.
