# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
Students who registered with the
Student Employment. Office during
fall quarter should come in and re
afiftivate applications if they
want employment dining winter
quarter.
* * #
A Shell Development Company
representative is on campus today
to interview Ph.D. candidates in
physics, geology, engineering me
chanics, and chemical, mechanical,
and electrical engineering.
* 4- 9
A United State Civil Service Com
mission representative is on campus
today to answer questions concern
ing the JGA Civil Service Examina
tion for Federal Employment..
