# Vaccination Forms Deadline Is Monday
## 
### 
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
Monday at 4:30 p.m. is the dead
line for new students to submit
vaccination certificates at the
Reg trar's Office, Inner Quad.
Students who have not filed
certificates by this time will be
fined $2. If they are not filed by
Feb. 8. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancel
lation.
