# U.C.L.A. Choir Will Sing At Next Vesper Service
## 
### 
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
The A Capella Choir of the Univer
sity Choral Club of U.C.L.A. will be
on the campus on Thursday of next
week and will give a concert in the
Memorial Church before the vesper
services at 4:15.
The choir will appear under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
This organization has acquired a
reputation in Los Angeles, having ap
peared five times in conjunction with
the L.A. Philharmonic Orchestra.
