# GEOLOGISTS TO HOLD SECTION MEETING OF SOCIETY HERE TODAY
## 
### 
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
Scheduled for 10 o'clock this morning,
the first meeting of the 28th annual con
vention of the Cordilleran section of the
Geological Society of America will he
held here at Stanford with some thirty
geologists in attendance.
Meetings of the society will take place
today and tomorrow in conjunction with
conferences of the Pacific Coast branch
of the Paleontological Society. Both or
ganizations will join the LeConte Geol
ogy Club for dinner at the Union this
evening.
