# HORSESHOE TOURNEY
## 
### 
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
Five more entries were received
yesterday in the annual intramural
horseshoe tournament. The first round
of the tourney will begin next week,
but entry lists close Saturday, April
13. The latest entries are: Toyon,
Phi Delta Theta, Breakers, Theta Xi,
Sequoia I.
