# Year's Worst Storm in Great Britain Kills 61
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
LONDON, Oct. 30.—The toll of the
worst storm of the year in Great
Britain today amounted to sixty-one,
the latest figures compiled show. Off
the coast of Ireland thirty-seven sea
men were drowned. Twenty-four per
sons were killed in other sections of
Great Britain. Property damage was
estimated at between $20,000,000 and
130,000,000.
