# FRIEDLANDER KILLED IN CRASH AS MOTOR SKIDS OFF HIGHWAY
## Turns Over in Attempt to Avoid Collision With Horse and Buggy 
### 
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Richard Friedlander, '26, was in
stantly killed when his automobile
skidded and turned over as he
swerved to avoid collision with a
horse and buggy on the highway near
Paso Robles Saturday morning. His
companions, David Friedenrich and
Charles Levinson, with whom he was
motoring to Los Angeles for the Cali
fornia-U.S.C. game, escaped without
serious injury.
Friedlander was the son of Joseph
Friedlander, vice-president of the
Anglo & London Paris National Bank
of San Francisco. He graduated from
the History department. Since his
graduation he has been associated
with the Russell-Colvin Company,
stock and bond firm.
Funeral services will be held from
the family home, 2040 Gough street,
this morning at 10 o'clock.
