# Vesper Service To-morrow Evening.
## 
### 
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
Vesper service will be held in the
University Chapel to-morrow evening
at 7:30 o'clock. The Reverend D.
Charles Gardner will deliver a short
sermon.
