# Famous Japanese Visits Campus.
## 
### 
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
Professor S. Anegaski, a disting
uished Japanese philosopher from the
University of Tokio, was the guest of
President Jordan on the Campus to
day.
