# Ascent of Mt. Aetna.
## 
### 
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
Nearly all the members of the
English Club, including the pro
fessors in the English department,
gathered in the English Seminary
room of the Library last night.
Miss Hey wood presided and intro
duced the speaker of the evening,
Professor Anderson, who enter
tained the company for a pleasant
hour with descriptions of Aetna
and its environs, and the narrative
of bis ascent with a young German
lieutenant. l'rofessor Anderson
read portions of his diary, and fol
lowed bis advance on the black
board, where II .J. Sterrett had
sketched the mountain and its
summit from photographs taken
by the speaker, Refreshments of
11'ienerwurxt, brown bread, and
sweet cider were served by the
Misses Kimball. The menu was
written in unique phraseology on
library cards.
