# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
The Stanford School of Nursing
announces the engagement of Vir
ginia Athey, '56. to Ronald Allen,
'54, DU.
