# YWCA Celebrates Anniversary Today
## 
### 
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
The YWCA will hold a special
program this afternoon froiri 3 to
5:30 in the Women's Clubhouse for
ail present and former members to
celebrate its 63rd year.
The featured event will be a mu
sical take-off on "South Pacific,"
written and presented by students
from the various program areas to
illustrate the current "Y" program.
