# Slope Expert Warren Miller To Show 'Ski Fantasy' Tonight
## 
### 
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
Warren Miller, internationally
known ski expert, humorist, and
photographer, will show and nar
rate his latest film, "Ski Fantasy,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Admission charge will be
$1.20
The lioui and a half movie will
show skiing in many of the popular
mountain areas in Europe and the
United States, including extensive
views of Sun Valley, Mt. Stove,
Aspen, and Squaw Valley.
Many of the world's best skiers
will be shown in action shots taken
at championship races. "Ski Fan
tasy" will show Stein Ericksen, an
Olympic ski champion and instruc

tor at Sun Valley, doing his famed
somersault oil a Sun Valley jump.
Miller will show the life of a typi
cal ski bum at Sun Valley—-how an
enterprising skiei can spend a
whole winter on the Idaho slopes on
less money than most skiers spend
on a pair of skis
Warren Millet is the authoi of
many books of skiing cartoons as
well as more serious collections of
photographs.- He is an instructor
at Sun Valley and has taught under
Emile Allais at Squaw Valley.
Tickets may be purchased at the
door, in front of the Cellar, or in
the ASSU office.
