# Special Train for Thanksgiving Day.
## 
### 
As usual there will be a special
train from the University to San
Franeisco on Thanksgiving day. A
train of ten cars will start from the
side-track in front of Encina and
will pick up four or five more at
Mayfield.
Round-trip tickets good till Fri
day noon will be on sale at the
train and at all stations from May
field to Belmont. Members of the
Glee and Mandolin Clubs and all
others who will appear in the Vau
deville may obtain these tickets
from Treasurer Morrison on Wednes
day, permitting them to go up
Wednesday afternoon. A special
late train between San Francisco
and Palo Alto will leave San Fran
cisco at midnight Thursday.
Round-trip tickets at $1.80, good
from Thursday morning till noon
the following Monday, will lie on
sale at the postoffice on Tuesday
and Wednesday from 2 to 5, and
also at Palo Alto, May field; and
Menlo on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday.
As usual there will be a special
train from the University to San
Franeisco on Thanksgiving day. A
train of ten cars will start from the
side-track in front of Encina and
will pick up four or five more at
Mayfield.
Round-trip tickets good till Fri
day noon will be on sale at the
train and at all stations from May
field to Belmont. Members of the
Glee and Mandolin Clubs and all
others who will appear in the Vau
deville may obtain these tickets
from Treasurer Morrison on Wednes
day, permitting them to go up
Wednesday afternoon. A special
late train between San Francisco
and Palo Alto will leave San Fran
cisco at midnight Thursday.
Round-trip tickets at $1.80, good
from Thursday morning till noon
the following Monday, will lie on
sale at the postoffice on Tuesday
and Wednesday from 2 to 5, and
also at Palo Alto, May field; and
Menlo on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday.
As usual there will be a special
train from the University to San
Franeisco on Thanksgiving day. A
train of ten cars will start from the
side-track in front of Encina and
will pick up four or five more at
Mayfield.
Round-trip tickets good till Fri
day noon will be on sale at the
train and at all stations from May
field to Belmont. Members of the
Glee and Mandolin Clubs and all
others who will appear in the Vau
deville may obtain these tickets
from Treasurer Morrison on Wednes
day, permitting them to go up
Wednesday afternoon. A special
late train between San Francisco
and Palo Alto will leave San Fran
cisco at midnight Thursday.
Round-trip tickets at $1.80, good
from Thursday morning till noon
the following Monday, will lie on
sale at the postoffice on Tuesday
and Wednesday from 2 to 5, and
also at Palo Alto, May field; and
Menlo on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday.
As usual there will be a special
train from the University to San
Franeisco on Thanksgiving day. A
train of ten cars will start from the
side-track in front of Encina and
will pick up four or five more at
Mayfield.
Round-trip tickets good till Fri
day noon will be on sale at the
train and at all stations from May
field to Belmont. Members of the
Glee and Mandolin Clubs and all
others who will appear in the Vau
deville may obtain these tickets
from Treasurer Morrison on Wednes
day, permitting them to go up
Wednesday afternoon. A special
late train between San Francisco
and Palo Alto will leave San Fran
cisco at midnight Thursday.
Round-trip tickets at $1.80, good
from Thursday morning till noon
the following Monday, will lie on
sale at the postoffice on Tuesday
and Wednesday from 2 to 5, and
also at Palo Alto, May field; and
Menlo on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday.
As usual there will be a special
train from the University to San
Franeisco on Thanksgiving day. A
train of ten cars will start from the
side-track in front of Encina and
will pick up four or five more at
Mayfield.
Round-trip tickets good till Fri
day noon will be on sale at the
train and at all stations from May
field to Belmont. Members of the
Glee and Mandolin Clubs and all
others who will appear in the Vau
deville may obtain these tickets
from Treasurer Morrison on Wednes
day, permitting them to go up
Wednesday afternoon. A special
late train between San Francisco
and Palo Alto will leave San Fran
cisco at midnight Thursday.
Round-trip tickets at $1.80, good
from Thursday morning till noon
the following Monday, will lie on
sale at the postoffice on Tuesday
and Wednesday from 2 to 5, and
also at Palo Alto, May field; and
Menlo on Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday.
