# Therapeutic Abortion Discussed
## 
### Gary Wright 
Four medical cases of requests
for therapeutic abortion were pre
sented as legal problems to the
audience of last night's Tuesday
Evening Series lceture.
By definition, t herapeutic aboi
tion has liltle in common with
the popular conception of fly-by
night quacks, fasl, borderdown
operations and "backyard" abor
tions. A therapeutic abortion is
an ethical operation performed by
a reputable doctor in a clean hos
pital, with the decision for abor
tion resting on thorough consid
eration of the individual patient's
case history.
In the state of California it is
illegal to perform an abortion on
a woman "unless necessary to
preserve her life." But what
about the case of a 15-year-old
minister's daughter, raped by an
escapee from a mental institu
-1 ion ?
The first case concerned a
woman with a serious heart con
dition, whose pregnancy could
threaten her life; the second was
an eight-weeks pregnant mother
who had recently had German
measles, leav in g her unborn
child with a 15 per cent chance
of being mentally or physically
deformed. Another was a girl
with a complex mental hospital
background, and the last was the
young rape victim.
Herbert L. Packer, associate
professor of law, and Ralph J.
Gambell, M.I), and lecturer in
law. explained their methods of
sounding out California hospitals
and their abortion procedures.
As I he statute stands, only the
woman wilh the heart condition
could possibly legally qualify for
an abortion. However, out of the
2b top California hospitals an
swering, all but one would per
form the operation in her case.
The me; tales case would have
been accepted in half, the schizo
phrenic woman by half, and the
most illegal, the rape victim,
would positively be accepted by
15.
