# Soviet Press
## 
### 
KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

KPFA commentator William
IHandcl will speak oil "Soviet
Press and Periodicals" at a Po
litical Union meeting today in
Bowman Alumni House at 4:15.
Mandel has long been a student
ol Soviet At lairs; lie has writ
ten "A Guide to the Soviet Un
ion," and completed an "Ency
clopedia of the USSR" on a fel
lowship from the Hoover Insti
tute in 1917.

