# Quads.
## 
### 
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
Miss A. Wright, '10. of Pasadena is
nil the campus for a visit of several
weeks.
11. E. Hush, '04, author of Stanford
"Bum, Hum, Hum" song is visiting on
the campus.
