# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
Horace A. Hollister, high school
visitor of the University of Illinois,
will be on the campus Thursday, and
will speak in the Chapel Thursday
evening at 7:4"), on matters of inter
est connected with high school admin
istration.
