# Good Music Sets Green Habits
## 
### â€“ trinity THOMPSON contact trinity: trt0413@stanford. edu 
Since the popularity of "An
Inconvenient Truth," it
seems like environmental
awareness has become "in style."
Instead of jumping on the "green"
bandwagon though, Stanford stu
dents have taken it to the next
level of environmental responsi
bility, and they actually managed
to do something that most other
events have failed to do in the
past. They made sustainability

something not just for a private
group, but instead both accessible
and fun.
Last weekend's FutureFest
focused on not only promoting,
but more importantly, demon
strating sustainability ... and
"demonstrate" the festival did! A
solar-powered car and smoothie
making bicycle were only two of
many innovative displays set up
on Saturday. Along with the many
exhibits present were four main
booths representing the festival's
four major themes of sustainabili

ty: food, water, energy and
resources. Each booth was run by
members of Students for a
Sustainable Stanford in collabora
tion with other groups doing
related work such as ESW, SWEP
and Students against Poverty. It
should come as no surprise that
all the booths were impressive,
each equipped with games, prizes,
food and "experts" to shed light
on their subject. From an online

quiz measuring carbon footprints
to a Fuji apple taste test, these
interactive activities kept interest
alive for hours. Plus, as added
incentive to learn, after visiting
each booth and receiving its spe
cific stamp, students could head
over to the main tent and receive
a free FutureFest T-shirt.
As interesting as the booths
and displays were, the stage is
what really set the scene for the
day. Countless student perform
ances, including pieces from
Andrew Plan, Hey Young Believer

and Cardinal Calypso, provided
entertainment and an energy
filled environment that lasted
throughout the day. Those listen
ing were quick to show their
approval by shedding articles of
clothing, singing along and break
ing into dance around a giant car
rot (which served as a visual peti
tion for the Stanford Farm
Project) pretty much doing
anything to "let loose."
In no time though, the stage
transformed and so did the festi
val along with it. Attention
changed from the eclectic activi
ties taking place to a single event:
the Sustainable Fashion Show.
Heads began to turn as models
featuring "green" clothes by local
designers took to the runway, and
with witty commentators and
stylish designs, the show proved
to be quite fashionable indeed. In
fact, after its end, festival-goers
were left wanting more, and a
trend of art appreciation was set.
Soon, groups could be seen con
gregating around the pottery and
face painting stands, everyone
eager for their turn. People were
able to get their art "fix" as they
wandered into the tents that were
still set up displaying student
pieces from last week's An Art
Affair, proving to be another tes
tament of how well this event was
planned.
In an immediate and almost
unexpected switch, environmental
advocate and attorney Van Jones
took over the stage at 4:30 p.m.

and subsequently took over the
festival. His message was mean
ingful and gave easy solutions to
problems people tend to compli
cate, but also called for realistic
expectations. "When you see peo
ple in opportunity, tell them
about the crisis, but when you see
people in crisis, tell them about
the opportunity," he stated. As
simple as it was, his words not
only seemed to touch but capture

the hearts of his audience and
inspire them to start making sim
ple changes toward a better
future. After answering a few
questions, Mr. Jones left those
who were listening wanting more
and proved to be a hard act to fol
low.
However, De La Soul stepped
up to the challenge, and it seemed
clear that they came out deter
mined to impress. The hip hop
group managed to close out the
night with a bang by delivering

music with an amount of energy
that students who were just
enthused from Mr. Jones' words
could truly appreciate. Even
though they were on White Plaza
stage, the artists' catchy songs
could be heard as far as the Quad
a chorus of Stanford students'
voices, marked with an inspira
tion for change, sang along.
Throughout the course of the
day, the FutureFest stage trans-

formed into many things, includ
ing a catwalk, a rally and a con
cert, and somehow did so without
overshadowing the true reason for
the event: campus unity in a
responsible preparation for the
future.



Photos courtesy Masaru Oka
