# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
dances^
Every evening, except Jj
Sunday, new Palace Ho
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Max Brad
field.. 1
vlover charge 50c a per
son after 9 P. M.
d'hote dinner
tsflso a la car
PAIACE
HOTEL
HALSEY E.MANWARJNC
