# Encina Golf Club Picks Freshman Squad Tonight
## 
### 
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
The freshman golf squad will be se
lected tonight at a meeting of the
babe organization, the Encina Golf
Club, to be held in the Encina reading
room at 6:45.
Arrangements will be made for the
annual match with the California fresh
men, which is to take place soon. All
freshmen who expect to make the
freshman squad must be present. The
team will be selected by Anthony Bos
coe, who is president of the Encina
Golf Club.
The Daily Princetonian puts out a
photographic weekly.
