# Sociological Fraternity Initiates Ten Neophytes
## 
### 
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
Alpha Kappa Delta, honorary socio
logical fraternity, initiated ten new
members 'after a banquet held last
night in the Banquet Room of the
Union.
The neophytes were: Keath Carver,
Harold Harvey, Ruth Fowler, Eliza
beth Gleason, Stanton Rippey, Milton
Johnson, Ed Bail, Margaret Deitreich,
Adelbert But trey, Lois McQuiaton, and
George Gage.
At the banquet which preceded the
initiation W. H. Davis, of the Food
Research Department, gave a talk.
