# IFC Panel Discusses Fraternity Problems
## 
### 
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
Mechanics of the fraternity sys- j
tem were discussed recently in a
panel discussion at the Theta Chi \
house. Pledge captains, house pres
idents, and R.A.'s participated in
the first of two such discussions.
The panel consisted of Richard
Balch, H. Donald Winbigler, out
going IFC president Chuck Denny,
and Gene Dils, current IFC head.
