# Prominent Attorney to Lecture.
## 
### 
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
The third of the series of lectures
upon "Legal Tactics" that is being
offered by the Law School will he giv
en next Thursday afternoon at 2:1.",
in room 12. The speaker for this oc
casion is R. T. Devlin of San Fran
cisco, and the topic that he has se
lected for his address is "Equity Pro
cedure in Federal Courts."
Devlin holds the position of Fnited
States District Attorney, and is one
of the most prominent lawyers in San
Francisco. He is also the author or
several important legal treatises.
