# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
JOYCE HUBRITE
FROCKS
Featured on billboards
throughout the United
States in connection with
nationally advertised prod
ucts, these smart new
frocks will win instant
approval. 6 styles, each
in several bright spring
colors. Sizes 12 to 20.
$6.50
355 University Phone 4114
I I
