# Polomen Work Out Despite Damp Field
## 
### 
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
Stanford's polo field has not dried
out sufficiently yet to allow scrim
maging but serious practice has
started in the pen and the six new
polo horses secured Christmas are
being worked out gradually, since
their recuperation from recent colds.
Walter Zimmerman. '43, a former
steeplechaser from Tsingtau, China,
has turned out for polo and although
short on polo experience, is expect
ed to add to the team's chances.
