# RYAN LAB JUGGLES AMPERES
## Dr. J. S. Carroll Heads Research On High Voltage 
### BUD AMES 
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
Manufacturing 2,400,000 volts of
crackling electricity which looks
like a bolt of lightning is just an
other of the wonder workings which
go on behind the large doors of the
Harris J. Ryan High-voltage Lab
oratory tucked away in those hills
behind Stanford.
And the laboratory did its part to
make Boulder Dam what it Ls tx>day.
Back in 193(5, the Ryan laboratory,
working in conjunction with engi
neers of the Los Angeles Bureau of
Light and Power, conducted tests on
lines to be used at Boulder. To
gether they came up with the an
swer, a cable which now carries
287,000 volts from Boulder to Los
Angeles with the least possible loss.
CARROLL HEADS RESEARCH
Historically, the laboratory was
contributed in 1926 in recognition of
the former Dr. Harris J. Ryan, Stan
ford high-voltage expert, and his
work in the electrical industry, par
ticularly in the development of in
sulating supports and conductors for
present high-voltage systems on the
coast. The list of donors reads like
a roster of the electrical industry.
Present head of the laboratory,
following Dr. R>an's death, is Dr.
Joseph S. Carroll, a professor of
electrical engineering who has a
private ambition to duplicate Ben
jamin Franklin's historic kite-flying
experiment.
RESEMBLES HANGAR
For those of you who haven't been
back in those hills, the laboratory
closely resembles an airplane han
gar, is a steel frame structure, and
measures about 173 by 60 feet on
its equipment-covered floor. Three
55-foot tall doors open the whole
south side of the building to the
elements.
The floor is a maze of equipment.
Outstanding are the laboratory's
pride, six 350,000-volt transformers,
which form the backbone of experi
ments. Remaining floor space is
covered with sphere gaps, watt me
ters, volt meters, test insulators—
and on and on until it totals up to
from $300,000 to $500,000 worth.
STUDY VOLT CONDUCTORS
"Purpose of the laboratory is ob
viously research," Dr. Carroll stated
in strangely electric terms. "We
conduct studies of things that exist
about a high-voltage conductor, and
how it. affects the surrounding at
mosphere. In general the laboratory
is assisting in the solution of prob
lems encountered in long distance
power transmission."
Stripped of its scientific shell, the
laboratory takes on a different ap
pearance. In fact, its six transform
ers look like brewery vats, its
spheric gaps like the sign outside a
pawnbroker's, and a corona tester
strangely like a little wheel that
squirrels run in. It's all how you
look at. them.
