# Seabiscuit Heads Lists at Pimlico
## 
### 
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 4 (UP).—C. S.
Howard's Seabiscuit, 1937 handicap
champion, heads the list of 14 sea
soned campaigners entered today for
tomorrow's renewal of the $10,000
added Riggs Handicap at Pimlico.
Wtih the absence of War Admiral,
which retired for the season after
yesterday's victory in the Pimlico
Special, the 4-year-old runner-up
to the son of Man o' War for money
winning laurels would pass the Ad
miral's record of $166,500 by win
ning tomorrow.
