# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94305
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California, 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1 879.)
