# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—"The Higher Education of the
Business Man," was the title of a
contribution by President Jordan
to the August Independent. In the
August number of the Atlantic ap
peared an essay on "University
Building," originally delivered as
an address by the President before
last May's graduates.
—The Probate Court of Berkshire
county, Mass., on June 3, 1902,
changed the name of Elmer E.
Farmer,'9s, to Elmer E.F. Creigh
ton, in accordance with the wish of
his late maternal grandfather,
David Creighton. Creighton was
appointed instructor in Electrical
Engineering in 1897, but for a year
past has been engaged in practical
work with an electric concern in
Pittsfield, Mass.
