# WILL ROGERS GIVES SHOWS FOR CHARITY
## 
### 
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Feb. 1. (/I 5 ) —
Eighteen Oklahoma cities are ready
to introduce an old friend and for
mer Sooner resident to thousands of
ticketholders in the interest of
drouth and unemployment sufferers.
Will Rogers, the cowboy humorist,
swings into this state tomorrow
from Fort Worth, Texas, to stage a
series of benefit performances with
his entourage of entertainers.
