# CITY OFFICIAL WILLING TO EXPLAIN HIMSELF
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1. (/P)—Albert R.
Brunker, chairman of the Chicago
civic safety committee, returned to
Chicago today, and announced he
would go "willingly" before the
grand jury to amplify charges of
police corruption which he made in
a speech at Boston.
He arrived while bailiffs were
searching for him to serve a sub
poena calling for his" appearance for
questioning by the jury tomorrow.
Chief Justice John P. McGoorty had
requested that he be called to "ex
plain what he means."
Brunker said he will tell the
jurors that he has two women wit
nesses to the St. Valentine's Day
massacre of seven Moran gangsters,
who have identified police officers
as involved in the wholesale kill
ings. These women, Brunker main
were spirited to Detroit while in
vestigation of the massacre was in
progress.
