# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
Good pay, based on experience
email: inatt.mizcnkoC" nokia.com
AJAX/l I web dev - Nokia seeks
passionate indivis. for PI wk on
web services and apps. Cmfrtbl w
AJAX/CSS/DllFMl7Javascript
Flxbl schedule and location, dev
machine supplied. Git. conun skis
self-motivated, work fast in sml
team w/min. direction.
Good pay, based on experience
email: matt.mizenko(« nokia.com
EARN UPT0514.25/hr <§ The
Stanford Student Calling Center!
Build your resume and earn $$$!
Contact Pete (3 650-725-0996
Driver needed for 2 students MP
to LAH, Mdy-Fri, 1-2 hi s in the
New 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo in lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
650.380.0220 Wendy
personnal asst for MD w/computer
engr 5ki115.326-2150 flex hr,fee
PROFESSIONAL
EDITOR/WRITER, Ph.D
Academic or creative. Edited 100 +
books for UC Press, Stanford,
Oxford, etc. (650) 233-9333.
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
Good pay, based on experience
email: inatt.mizcnkoC" nokia.com
AJAX/l I web dev - Nokia seeks
passionate indivis. for PI wk on
web services and apps. Cmfrtbl w
AJAX/CSS/DllFMl7Javascript
Flxbl schedule and location, dev
machine supplied. Git. conun skis
self-motivated, work fast in sml
team w/min. direction.
Good pay, based on experience
email: matt.mizenko(« nokia.com
EARN UPT0514.25/hr <§ The
Stanford Student Calling Center!
Build your resume and earn $$$!
Contact Pete (3 650-725-0996
Driver needed for 2 students MP
to LAH, Mdy-Fri, 1-2 hi s in the
New 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo in lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
650.380.0220 Wendy
personnal asst for MD w/computer
engr 5ki115.326-2150 flex hr,fee
PROFESSIONAL
EDITOR/WRITER, Ph.D
Academic or creative. Edited 100 +
books for UC Press, Stanford,
Oxford, etc. (650) 233-9333.
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
Good pay, based on experience
email: inatt.mizcnkoC" nokia.com
AJAX/l I web dev - Nokia seeks
passionate indivis. for PI wk on
web services and apps. Cmfrtbl w
AJAX/CSS/DllFMl7Javascript
Flxbl schedule and location, dev
machine supplied. Git. conun skis
self-motivated, work fast in sml
team w/min. direction.
Good pay, based on experience
email: matt.mizenko(« nokia.com
EARN UPT0514.25/hr <§ The
Stanford Student Calling Center!
Build your resume and earn $$$!
Contact Pete (3 650-725-0996
Driver needed for 2 students MP
to LAH, Mdy-Fri, 1-2 hi s in the
New 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo in lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
650.380.0220 Wendy
personnal asst for MD w/computer
engr 5ki115.326-2150 flex hr,fee
PROFESSIONAL
EDITOR/WRITER, Ph.D
Academic or creative. Edited 100 +
books for UC Press, Stanford,
Oxford, etc. (650) 233-9333.
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
Good pay, based on experience
email: inatt.mizcnkoC" nokia.com
AJAX/l I web dev - Nokia seeks
passionate indivis. for PI wk on
web services and apps. Cmfrtbl w
AJAX/CSS/DllFMl7Javascript
Flxbl schedule and location, dev
machine supplied. Git. conun skis
self-motivated, work fast in sml
team w/min. direction.
Good pay, based on experience
email: matt.mizenko(« nokia.com
EARN UPT0514.25/hr <§ The
Stanford Student Calling Center!
Build your resume and earn $$$!
Contact Pete (3 650-725-0996
Driver needed for 2 students MP
to LAH, Mdy-Fri, 1-2 hi s in the
New 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo in lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
650.380.0220 Wendy
personnal asst for MD w/computer
engr 5ki115.326-2150 flex hr,fee
PROFESSIONAL
EDITOR/WRITER, Ph.D
Academic or creative. Edited 100 +
books for UC Press, Stanford,
Oxford, etc. (650) 233-9333.
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
Good pay, based on experience
email: inatt.mizcnkoC" nokia.com
AJAX/l I web dev - Nokia seeks
passionate indivis. for PI wk on
web services and apps. Cmfrtbl w
AJAX/CSS/DllFMl7Javascript
Flxbl schedule and location, dev
machine supplied. Git. conun skis
self-motivated, work fast in sml
team w/min. direction.
Good pay, based on experience
email: matt.mizenko(« nokia.com
EARN UPT0514.25/hr <§ The
Stanford Student Calling Center!
Build your resume and earn $$$!
Contact Pete (3 650-725-0996
Driver needed for 2 students MP
to LAH, Mdy-Fri, 1-2 hi s in the
New 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo in lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
650.380.0220 Wendy
personnal asst for MD w/computer
engr 5ki115.326-2150 flex hr,fee
PROFESSIONAL
EDITOR/WRITER, Ph.D
Academic or creative. Edited 100 +
books for UC Press, Stanford,
Oxford, etc. (650) 233-9333.
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
Good pay, based on experience
email: inatt.mizcnkoC" nokia.com
AJAX/l I web dev - Nokia seeks
passionate indivis. for PI wk on
web services and apps. Cmfrtbl w
AJAX/CSS/DllFMl7Javascript
Flxbl schedule and location, dev
machine supplied. Git. conun skis
self-motivated, work fast in sml
team w/min. direction.
Good pay, based on experience
email: matt.mizenko(« nokia.com
EARN UPT0514.25/hr <§ The
Stanford Student Calling Center!
Build your resume and earn $$$!
Contact Pete (3 650-725-0996
Driver needed for 2 students MP
to LAH, Mdy-Fri, 1-2 hi s in the
New 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo in lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
650.380.0220 Wendy
personnal asst for MD w/computer
engr 5ki115.326-2150 flex hr,fee
PROFESSIONAL
EDITOR/WRITER, Ph.D
Academic or creative. Edited 100 +
books for UC Press, Stanford,
Oxford, etc. (650) 233-9333.
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
