# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is I p.m. of (he day before
publication.
