# Deadline Extended For Senior Programs
## 
### 
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
The deadline for ordering senior
programs and announcements lias
been extended through this week.
They may he ordered in the sta
tionery department of the IJook
store.
