# TO ROW OR NO?
## 
### 

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.

TARGET IN SIGHT —Above is a view of the Lake Quinsigamond
straightaway in Worcester, locale of the Olympic tryouls for
rowing to be held on July 3, 4, and 5. Stanford's orphan crew,
undefeated to date this season, has hopes of reaching the try
outs if funds hold out.
