# T-II Law Hinted
## 
### 
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
DKNVKIt — A possibility that
President Truman will use the Taft-
Hartley Act was voiced by govern
ment officials today as some mem
bers of one striking Oil Workers'
Union local indicated they might be
willing to reduce their wage de
mands.
A government spokesman said
administration officials have dis
cussed invoking the Taft-Hartley
Law's 80-day no-strike proviso for
"over a week" but a decision is bc
ing held up pending the outcome of
the Wage Stabilization Board - ef
fort to end the 13-day-old strike.
