# FRESHMEN SOCCER TEAM OVERWHELMS CALIFORNIANS 8-0
## 
### 
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
California's freshman soccer team
suffered an 8 to 0 defeat at the hands
of the Cardinal babes when the Stan
ford yearlings capped the climax of
their soccer season in a one-sided
game here Saturday. At the outset,
it was a Stanford victory, the Bears
satisfying themselves by trying to
block the systematic 'onslaught on
their goal.
The freshmen played in the best
form that they have displayed this
season, the team garnering its points
as a unit rather than* by individual
playing. Accurate shooting on the
part o fthe forwards was responsible
for the henvy score, while the work
of the backfleld men could hardly be
improved.
The men who represented Stanford
were: Rogers, gg; Turquand, It'; Don
Clark, rf; Dave Clark, lh; Ted Off,
(Captain), ch; Cannon, rh; Carey, ol;
Quigley, il; Taam, cf; Hoover, ir;
Hall, or.
