# Baseball Game To-morrow.
## 
### 
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
Unless there is considerable rain
fall in the next twenty-four hours,
the baseball game with St. Mary's
College will be played at 3:30 to
morrow afternoon. The line-up of
the two teams will be practically
the same as in their previous game,
which St. Mary's won in the ninth
inning by the score of 3 to 2.
