# CAMPUS OPINION
## LINDBERGH VS. WILLKIE 
### 
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
r PHE EDITOR, SIR:
The recent controversy—if it can be called that—
between Col. Lindbergh and Mr. Willkie brings to
mind one or two interesting facts. The first is that
Col. Lindbergh has never made a public statement
which has proven to be untrue. And the other is that
Mr. Willkie never has been known publicly to tell
the truth.
People scofTed at Lindbergh when, in 1938. he re
ported that Germany's military air force was superior
to any other in the world, and yet the opening months
of the war dramatically proved the accuracy of his
report. The fact that ihe R.A.F., with the help of
American production, is belatedly approaching equal
ity with the Nazi Luftwaffe does not detract from the
truth of the original statement. More recently, Col.
Lindbergh pointed out that England appears to be
losing the war, to the consternation of wishful-think
ing Americans. Tragic though it may be, British re
verses in Norway, Flanders, Greece and Africa bear
striking testimony to the stark realism of this ob
servation.
Little need be said about Mr. Willkie. He stands
convicted, by his own admission before the Senate
Military Affairs Committee, as a liar and a cheap poli
tician. And yet he continues to pose as a great
American.
This is not to be construed as an answer to voluble
Mr. Dirstine. The inane droolings of that individual
merit no rebuttal.
Paul F. Offermann
