# BRITISH 'CLEAR' NORTH IRAQ, OCCUPY RUTBAH
## 
### 
CAIRO, Mon., May 12 (UP). -
Royal Air Force headquarters an
nounced today that British forces in
Iraq have occupied Rutbah. hotly
contested station on the Mosul pipe
line.
Reports circulated that Iran (Per
sia) had notified Iraq that it disap
proves of the pro-German regime
there, and this is said to signify
Iran's support of Britain in the dis
pute.
A communique said armored cars
occupied the fort at Rutbah Sunday
morning after British bombers had
softened its defense for the land at
tack. British sources had claimed
the capture of the Rtubah airdrome
two days ago.
"The whole of this important area
now is under our complete control,"
the communique said, implying that
the British considered the campaign
in northwest Iraq virtually ended in
victory.
