# I Club Sponsors Leap Year on Ice
## 
### 
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
This Friday night the I Club is
sponsoring an evening of "Leap
Year on Ice," which will include
ice-skating at the Ballerina Rink
in Belmont, followed by a party
at 527 Gerona Road. Rides will
leave the I-Center at 8.
Admission and skate retail will
be charged, but the party after
wards, featuring entertainment
from Alan Rosenthal and Toni
Chan, is free. All students are
cordially invited. Those who can
offer rides have been asked to
sign up at the I-Center.
