# Talk to Feature Foreign Living
## 
### 
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
Students interested in partici
pating in this summer's Experi
ment in International Living may
become acquainted with the pro
gram tonight when Leighton
Rollins, West Coast director,
speaks at the I-Center.
The meeting is scheduled for
7:15 p.m. Several former partici
pants will also speak, giving
Stanford prospects an idea as to
what it is like to spend 10 weeks
in a foreign home.
Graduate students and faculty
members interested in becoming
group leaders are also urged to
attend. Group leaders are in
charge of about a dozen students,
all of whom are located in the
same community.
This program, designed to give
the student an intensive exposure
to a small part of a foreign cul
ture, is climaxed by a three-week
tour of the country in which he
has been staying.
Language requirements vary
according to the student's choice
of country. French, Spanish, Ital
ian and German are required for
visits to countries in which those
languages are spoken.
Costs vary between $350 and
$1200. This summer, the program
is scheduled to be conducted in
29 countries.
