# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DcSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvenport 2-2158
