# KEEN COMPETITION ASSURED IN NORTH FOR RUGBY TEAM
## 
### 
Stanford's schedule this year for the
northern rugby tour offers keen com
petition with the best teams of British
Columbia. The games to be played are
three in number and include: The Uni
versity of British Columbia, game to be
played December 26; Vancouver Row
ing Club, December 29; and a team com
posed of representatives of Vancouver
Rugby Union, January 2.
There are possibilities of two more
games. Negotiations are taking place
with view of arranging a game with Vic
toria Rugby Union on December 24, and
it has been suggested that Stanford play
a team composed of the officers of a
British light cruiser that will be sta
tioned at Vancouver at that time.
Reports state that the northern teams
are very strong this year and it will
take Stanford's best team to down them.
The team representing the Vancouver
Rugby Union is said to be especially
strong, including as it does the best of
the following teams which composc the
Union: Varsity, Bank of Commerce,
Centines, and Rowing Club.
The game to be played with the Uni
versity of British Columbia will be for
the Vancouver World's trophy. This
trophy is presented annually by the
World to the team that wins the Uni
versity of British Columbia game; it lie
comes the property of the team winning
three times in succession. Under the
original terms of the trophy the south
was to be either represented by the win
ner of the Stanford-California game or
by a team made up from both schools.
California has neglected rugby, so Stan
ford will have the sole privilege of com
peting for the cup.
