# RAM'S HEAD ASKS FOR STAGE SCENIC ARTISTS
## 
### 
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
All amateur scenic artists and stage
designers will be given a chance to
show their talents in the Ram's Head
show. Campus craftsmen who have
leanings in this direction are asked
to see Dan Evans, Room 422, Encina
Hall, at once. The general idea and
settings of the plot will be given out
immediately, so that the designs of
the sets may be worked on during the
holidays. The type of decorations is
announced to be of an order entirely
foreign to those so far presented, and
in accordance with the latest modes
of scenic art.
