# At Last
## 
### 
An Assembly with music will be
enjoyed by the campus public tomor
row. This will be a rare treat. Only

twice since the Senior Class
matriculated have any com-

modities of entertainment
and instruction other than rhetoric
and eloquence been served the audi
ence. A change in cultural diet is
most welcome. But why stop at this?
With the Schubert Club as a good be
ginning, why not let the remaining
musical organizations contribute to
the program? They are all capable
clubs and waiting for a chance to
appear.
Tomorrow being Founder's Day, it
is gratifying to see original exercises
planned. We are authoritatively in
formed that the speaker, Mr. James A.
Macdonald, "next to the premier, the
most influential man in Canada," i?
worth going a long way to hear. With
good speaking, with good music and
with a good audience, Founder's Day,
1911, will be most fittingly observed.
