# DAILY PROMOTIONS
## 
### 
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
Editorial Board of Volume 109 an
nounces the promotions of Jean Bur
net, George Moore, and Mary Vir
ginia Pond to the position of United
Press editors.
