# KOSLOWSKI NOT ELIGIBLE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
WASHINGTON. April 7 (UP).—
Commissioner Bert Bell of the Na
tional Football League ruled today
that halfback Stan Koslowski would
not be eligible to play with the
Washington Redskins next season
because he was only a junior.
