# Adv. 25 Page 9
## 
### 
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
Q_S^V[ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECA USE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carlyle !
J jewglmi
J35 Bryant Strxt
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
