# Adv. 28 Page 10
## 
### 
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
Superb dining. . .
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive menu
including fresh fish daily
bass, salmon, snapper
HENRY'S
482 University Ave.
L| Palo Alto, 326-5680
