# Adv. 33 Page 15
## 
### 
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
CRAWL LOW
UNDER
tram"
Most people who die in fires
are killed by toxic smoke,
so you must stay out of it.
If you are ever caught in
smoke, drop to your knees
and crawl to
safety.
S' nce smoke rises,
the air is cleaner
near the floor.
