# Otis Chandler Talks Monday
## 
### 
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
Otis Chandler, publisher of
The Los Angeles Times, will dis
cuss "Can We Believe Washing
ton?" Monday at 8 p.m. in Cub
berley.
Chandler, who graduated from
Stanford in 1950, will speak as
part of the Distinguished Alum
nus series of the Committee on
Public Exercises.
He holds an honorary degree
from Colby College, Maine, and
has received awards for dis
tinguished journalistic enter
prise from Columbia University
and the University of Southern
California. From 1961-1965 he
served as a trustee of Stanford.
He is also a member of five
advisory boards, including the
American Press Institute at
Columbia and the Professional
Journalism Fellowship program
at Stanford.
