# From Stanford
## Two Fight Induction 
### 
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
At least two Stanford students
have refused induction into the
armed services. They are junior
Jeff Browning and graduate stu
dent Mark Riley.
In addition, three ex-students,
who were enrolled here in the
fall but have since dropped out
or taken leaves of absence, have
also refused, or are planning to
refuse induction. Ex-graduate
Timothy English and undergrad
uate Chris Ledgerwood refused
induction February 14 and Feb
ruary 20 respectively, while grad
uate student Jerry Silbergeld
will refuse his scheduled induc
tion next month.
Another sophomore, Dick Bax

stresser, has been reclassified
1-A after turning in his draft
card. He intends to refuse to
comply if he receives induction
orders.
The six must face prosecu
tion in a federal district court
a few months after their refusal.
The district centered in San
Francisco is known as the most
lenient one in the country in
draft cases, according to Silber
geld. The maximum penalty is
five years in jail and a $10,000
fine. In a recent San Francisco
district case, the defendant re
ceived an unusually light sen
tence of six months in jail plus
18 months probation.
Draft offenders are tried in
the area where they refused in
duction rather than the district
of their home draft board.
At least four of the six Stan
ford students received induction
notices after turning in their
draft cards. According to Chris
Ledgerwood, men who turn in
their cards are immediately clas
sified as delinquent, which in ef

feet means an automatic 1-A
classification.
The students' plans for their
upcoming trial vary.
Silvergeld will plead guilty,
acknowledging that he broke the
law.
Riley, Browning and Ledger
wood have engaged lawyers, and
are presently preparing their de
fense.
Baxstresser, if he receives in
duction orders, plans to contest
the orders on the grounds that
his draft board failed to give
him a proper hearing in his re
quest for conscientious objector
status.
English, on the other hand,
intends to make no preparations
but to enter the courtroom with
an "air of spontaneity". He does
not know if he will answer when
the judge asks him to plead
guilty or not guilty. "I'm just
a very happy person and they're
not," he stated in an interview
last week. "It's their problem,
not mine. I'd like to help them
with it."
