# TOWNSEND
## 
### 

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)

Dr. F. E. Tovvnsend of Long Beach,
Calif., who is the author of the old
age Revolving Pension Plan to.give
persons over 60 retirement pay of
S2OO per month. He is a physician and
surgeon. (Associated Press photo.)
