# THREE GROWLS IN BUCKET
## 
### 

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)

Caesar, Anthony and Brutus Tiger pose for their first picture at
Reishacker zoo, San Francisco. The Sumatra tiger triplets were threo
weeks old. (Associated Press Photo)
