# Oct. 30 Last Filing Date For Vaccine Certificates
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
October 30, for all new students, in
cluding those having permit: to at
tend classes, and all other students
whose certificates havq expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Novem
ber 6, registration in the University
will be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
