# BARRISTER
## 
### 

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)

United States District Attorney
Thomas Sparks of Louisville rushed
preparation of evidence for a special
grand jury to consider the cases of
Thomas 11. Rdbinson, Jr., and others
accused in the kidnaping of Mrs.
Alice Stoll. (Associated Press photo.)
