# Roth Featured Speaker At First Toyon Smoker
## 
### 
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
Toyon hall held the first of its
small informal smokers in the hall
lobby last night, with Comptroller
Almon E. Roth as the speaker. The
serving of ice cream and cookies as
refreshments furnished an innova
tion for these smokers, which arc
held fortnightly. ,
Wally Baird's piano playing and
free distribution of cigars and cig
arettes completed the program.
