# FRENCH TABLE MEETS
## 
### 
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
The weekly French table will meet
today at 12:15 in the Union Alcove.
Richard Rathman, secretary-treas
urer of the French Club, announces
that all members of the University
who are interested in French con
versation are cordially invited to
attend.
