# Engineer To Speak On Longest Arch Bridge
## 
### 
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
Concerning the erection and fab
rication of the longest steel arch
bridge in the world, which is in New
York harbor, Henry W. Troelsch will
speak today at 4:10 o'clock in room
550. By error the lecture was an
nounced as yesterday in the Daily.
Troelsch, who lives in New York,
is here in connection with the build
ing of the San Francisco Bay bridge.
Although the talk will be given
primarily for engineering students,
everyone is welcome, according to
the engineering secretary.
