# Toyon Dance Bids Open To Public on Nov. 1
## 
### 
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
The ticket sale for the Toyon In
formal on November 9 will be a
closed sale for Toyon members from
October 30 to November 1, after
which the remaining bids will be
open to all comers. Bids for this,
the first Toyon dance of the year,
will bo limited to 115 couples, and
the price will be $2.* The committee
in charge promises novel decora
tions in line with the successful
Toyon dances of other years.
