# Photographing the Church.
## 
### 
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
J. Collier, of Denver, Colo., who
has been photographing the Uni
versity buildings, is now almost
through with his work which has
occupied the last two months. He
has made several hundred nega
tives, mostly of the Memorial
Church, the best of which will be
used in the preparation of a large
souvenir book which will be gotten
out by Mrs. Stanford for the dedi
cation of the Church. He has
found the interior windows, carv
ings, and mosaics very hard to
photograph owing to the lack of
light and the intricacy of detail,
yet feels that they will never be
done as well again. He has a dark
room in the basement of the
Church.
Collier has been in the photo
graphy business for forty years,
and has for twenty-six years been
located in Denver. He has a neg
ative of the King of England taken
in 1869, from which a print will be
made for the Museum.
