# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## JERRY BRUCKER, Sports Editor THE 						BIG CHIEF IS OFF AGAIN 
### 

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.

THIS SCENE is beginning to got monotonous. While all his teammates
run in the other direction, and Cougars with them. Big Chief Norm
Standiee scoots around left end for the Cards' first score in their
26-14 win over Washington State Saturday. Two Cougars gave chase,
but Norm had too big a start.
