# Farm Man Continues Naval Flight Training
## 
### 
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
Norman V. Schute, recently of
Stanford, has just completed the
primary flight training course at the
Long Beach base, and was today
appointed aviation cadet by the Sec
retary of the Navy. Schute will re
port to the Naval Air Station at
Pensacola, Florida, where upon suc
cessful completion of his flight train
ing, he will be commissioned in the
U.S. Naval Reserve.
