# Dr. Hadley Will Give Talk On Liberty and Equality
## 
### 
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
"The conflict between Liberty and
Equality" will be the general title of
a series to be given by Dr. Arthur
Twining Hadley in the Asesmbly hall
April 22, 23, 24, on the West Memorial
Foundation.
Dr. Hadley is president emeritus of
Yale, having served as head of the
university for more than twenty years,
from 1899 to 1921.
He is considered one of the best
authorities in the country on eco
nomics, labor, and political problems.
