# Russian Folk Tales to Be on Exhibit in Library
## 
### 
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
Russian Folk Tales are on exhibition
in the Library, 'The books are written
in Russian, and are very finely illus
trated. The art is characteristic with
the usual brilliant coloring, and the
figures and costumes are historically
correct.
Nearly 60 per cent of all Turkish
words come from Arabic and Persian.
