# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
Nearly four million men and women
are active athletes in France,
though tennis is the only sport in
which they excel.
