# CAGE WORKOUT IS DEVOTED TO FUNDAMENTALS
## Session Cut Short Because Of Rethberg Concert In Pavilion 
### Jack Jernegan 
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
Preparations for the concert held
last night cut short the varsity bas
ketball practice yesterday afternoon,
and Coach Bunn seized the oppor
tunity to give his squad some much
needed instruction in the funda
mentals of his system of play.
Although Bunn has a rather short
period of time in which to install
his system and is consequently
forced to start work on teamplay
right away, the mastery of such
basic maneuvers as pivoting, drib
bling, shooting, and the various
forms of passing demand a great
deal of attention.
The veterans of last year's squad
have almost as much to learn in
these respects as the new men, be
cause the new Cardinal coach has
ideas on fundamentals which differ
from those in force here in previous
years.
Yesterday the cage aspirants did
a good deal of work in dribbling
up to a guard, then pivoting and
passing to a trailer who is theoreti
cally supposed to go around the
gaurd into scoring territory. Some
of the players took to the idea very
well, but in general the guards
proved too much for' the dribblers.
