# EASTON, STEPHENS TRIUMPH IN TENNIS DOUBLES MATCHES
## 
### 
Completely smothering their op
ponents yesterday afternoon Captain
Ted Easton and Chuck Weesner won
over Bill Wentworth and John
Gantner 6-0, 6-1 in the second net
match of the University champion
ship doubles tournament.
Harry Plymire and Trow Stephens
duplicated the score of the former
match by defeating Joe Wallace and
Jack Pike 6-0, 6-1 in the second
match of the afternoon.
The first tilt was featured by the
remarkably brilliant team play of
Weesner and Easton, who completely
outclassed their opponents in every
department of the game. These two,
according to Coach Frank Ragan,
will make the going hard for the
other entrants in the tournament.
