# COMMUNIST RIOTING STARTS IN GERMANY
## 
### 
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
BERLIN, Dec. (>P) —Communist
rioting over Germany last night, in
which two persons were killed,
many injured, and upwards of 150
arrested, injected an ominous note
into the political atmosphere today
as the Reichstag assembled for a
momentous debate.
The subjects for discussion are the
Dietrich 3931 budget, presented the
Reichstag yesterday and Nationalist
and Fascist motions to repeal the
finance reform measures made laws
Tuesday by decree of President von
Hindcnburg.
