# PRAYER OPENS MOVIES
## 
### 
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
MATTOON, 111., Dec. 4. (/Pi—Sun
day movies will return to Mattoon
as a result of action of the city
council directing that each Sunday
show be opened with prayer.
