# Trustees Meet
## 
### 
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
The Board of Trustees will
meet this morning at the Graduate
School of Business to hear reports
from their committees and from
President Pitzer. Topics which will
be discussed include the decision
on Bringham Young University,
recommendations to the President
from University Health Service on
contraceptive pills, major
administrative and faculty
appointments, and several matters
affecting the University's current
financial outlook.
