# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
I
I
1; MAG N I Ny CO.
J |j
! ;.
Spring Coats
I
I
39 5#
and
55°°
There's an inconv
parable air of dis
tinction about coats
from I. Magnin &
Co. . . . and in this
new collection
you're sure to find
just the dashing tai
lored style you ad'
mire. Tweeds and
soft wools . . . in fa
vored shades.
I.MfIGNIN&O?.
Grant Avenue it Geary
