# RED CROSS PRAISED ON DROUGHT RELIEF WORK BY PRESIDENT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
WASHINGTON, Apr. 13 (/P). —
President Hoover today pointed to
the work of the Red Cross as vindi
cating his stand against federal do
nations for drought relief.
Welcoming delegates to the Red
Cross annual convention, Mr. Hoo
ver said the organization had saved
more than 2,000,000 persons in
drought areas from "infinite suffer
ing" and had preserved the ideal of
voluntary assistance by refusing to
take a "step on the pathway of gov
ernment doles."
"You have proved yourselves not
only a practical instrument of mercy
and relief," he said, "but you have
renewed and invigorated the spiri
tual life of the nation."
To have yielded to the demands of
Senate Democrats and Republican
independents to administer an out
right appropriation of $25,000 from
the Treasury, the President added,
would have rendered the Red Cross
impotent in all future emergencies.
