# Eilers, Jennings Contest Winners
## 
### 
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
Bill Eilers' winning radio play,
"The Story of a Little Man," will be
heard over KPO tomorrow at 9:30
p. m. Eilers shared top honors with
Jeanette M. Jennings in the writing
contest sponsored by Stanford Radio
Institute ri cooperation with NBC,
in which "!5 students participated.
Miss Jenning's play will not be
broadcast due to technical difficul
ties.
Eilers, a sophomore, intends to
major in journalism. He worked for
CBS earlier this year, returning to
Stanford to complete his studies.
