# Wirth Talks Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
Dr. Louis Wirth, head of the Soci
ology Department of the University
of Chciago, will speak on "Planning
for Community Participation," to
morrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Educa
tion Auditorium.
Sociology
Dr. Wirth, an authority on soci
ology of the community, has writ
ten a number of books on the sub
ject and has served with the Na
tional Resources Planning Board.
Last year ho was Director of Plan
ning for the state of Illinois.
Tomorrow night's lecture will be
the concluding lecture in the Com
munity Leadership Workshop.
Sessions
The Workshop, in session since
last Friday, has had discussions
which centered around new planning
problems which will confront Cali
fornia communities.
The topics discussed include over
all community planning, youth prob
lems. housing problems, economic
development and full employment,
community health questions, prob
lemsw of education, plans for return

ing war veterans, and questions of
inter-cultural and inter-racial prob
lems.
