# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
Penglase, treasurer; John Torrl
hio, athletic chairman; Butch
Ransone, social chairman; Sam
Symonds, Charlie Buehler, rush
chairmen: Rich Kueny, IFC rep
resentative.
