# JFK Orders Aid For Delinquency
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
WASHINGTON (UPD—Presi
dent Kennedy yesterday ordered
mobilization of the federal gov
ernment’s resources to help local
communities fight the spread of
juvenile delinquency.
He asked Congress to approve
a five-year program that would
enable the federal government to
help state and local areas to find
ways to halt the increase of crime
by youth.
By executive order, he also set
up a Cabinet-level Presidential
committee on juvenile delin
quency which will be headed by
his brother, Atty. Gen. Robert F.
Kennedy.

He also ordered formation of a
citizen’s advisory council to be
composed of between 12 and 21
experts and public leaders in the
field.
The proposed legislation, which
would cost the government about
$lO million the first year, would
enable it “to undertake projects
designed to demonstrate and eval
uate the most effective ways of
using our resources to combat
juvenile delinquency within local
communities.”
Kennedy said the increase in

juvenile crime and youth offenses
“diminish the strength and the
vitality of our nation; they pre
sent serious problems to all the
communities affected; and they
leave indelible impressions upon
the people involved which often
cause continuing problems.”
•Formation of the presidential
group came against the back
ground of an 11-successive year
increase in the juvenile crime
rate. Up to four million children
may appear before the nation’s
courts in the next 10 years.
