# Baroque Music Recital Sunday
## 
### 
Prof. Herbert B. Nanney, Stan
ford University organist, will
present a concert of baroque mu
sic at 3:30 p.m. Sunday in Memo
rial Church.
Selections will include Fresco
baldi’s “Toccata for the Eleva
tion,” Buxtehude’s “Prelude and
Fugue in D minor,” Pachelbel’s
“My Heart is Filled with Long
ing,” Arne’s “Gavotte,” and both
the “Prelude and Fugue in F
minor” and the “Toccata and
Fugue in D minor” by Bach.
The program will also include
one selection of renaissance mu
sic, “Canzona” by Gabrieli, and
Mozart’s “Adagio, Allegro and
Adagio in F minor” from the
classical period.
Nanney has been organist at
Stanford since 1947, when he re
ceived his artist’s diploma in or
gan at the Curtis Institute of
Music in Philadelphia.
