# On'n' Off the Campus
## 
### 
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
Sequoia Exhibits
College Exchanges.
Current number of twelve of the
best American college magazines were
placed on exhibition in the reading
room of the Stanford Union recently.
The list includes publications from
Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Columbia,
California, and several other institu
tions. These and several other Se
quoia exchanges were on exhibition in
the library before being brought to
the Union.
Circle "S" Society
To Elect New Members.
Circle "S" Society will meet in the
Union at 7 p.m., this evening, to elect
new members. Athletes winning a
Circle "S" of the first grade, includ
ing varsity soccer men, become mem
bers of the club automatically. Cross
country men who were granted sec
ond grade "S's" are eligible to mem
bership, but only a certain number of
second grade Circle "S" men will be
elected.
Health Insurance
Subject of Lecture.
That health insurance will bring
about social justice, keep down strife
between labor and capital, and do
away with destitution, was empha
sized by Dr. I. M. Rubinow, State
Health and Accident Commissioner, in
a lecture on Social Insurance in the
Palo Alto Women's Club House yes
terday afternoon.
Fire Fighters
Have Been Paid.
Hospital bills and pay for the for
eign students who fought the fire in
the hills, the early part of the se
mester, has been donated by owners
of estates who were benefited by the
work of the Stanford volunteer fire
fighters.
The total amount"of $175 was con
tributed by seven different parties.
Charles J. Deering, vice-president of
the Union Trust Company and brother
of the Stanford trustee, started the
fund with a generous conribution.
l)r. Townley Speaks
On Astronomy.
Dr. S. D. Townley, Associate Pro
fessor of Applied Mathematics, will
give an illustrated lecture in connec
tion with his course in Astronomy,
Friday evening, at 7:30. The public
is invited to the lecture, which will
be given in room 50, of the Inner
Quad.
