# Berry Lunch Festival To Help Chinese Home
## 
### 
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
The Roger Williams Club's local
chapter will hold a strawberry fes
ti\4al on Saturday, May 25. The pro
ceeds will go for the support of one
of the boys of the Chung-Mei Home,
the only home in the United States
for underprivileged Chinese boys.
Strawberry shortcake, whipped
cream, and coffee will be served at
the Baptist church, corner of Ham
ilton and Bryant Street, from 11
until 2 o'clock, and the price per
lunch is 25 cents.
