# TEXAS STORM, FLOOD RAVAGE WIDE AREA
## 
### 

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)

A dozen died from storms and floods in Texas with scenes similar to this common over a large part
of the state. This scene in Teague shows part of the estimated $100,000 damage. Every house in th«
town of 4,000 was more or less damaged. (Associated Press Photo)
