# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
—Instructor D. A. Lyon, of the
Geology department, returned to
the University yesterday from a
fortnight's trip through Arizona,
where he was engaged in mining
investigations.
