# GROUND BROKEN FOR LIBRARY.
## Absence of Ceremony Marks Removal of First Dirt on New Year's Day. 
### 
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
With an absolute lack of cere
mony and without the presence of a
concourse of spectators, ground was
broken for the new Library on the
forenoon of New Year's Day. No
definite announcement of the event
had been given to the University
public, and the three men who per
formed the ceremony were the only
witnesses. Mr. Charles G. Lathrop,
treasurer of the University, Mr.
George E. Crothers, secretary of
the Hoard of Trustees, and Mr.
Charles E. Hodges, University ar
chitect, shoveled a wagon-load of
dirt from the site of the magnificent
building, which will stand, when
completed, to the northeast of the
main quadrangle and opposite the
building occupied by the Depart
ment of Chemistry.
It is now supposed that work on
the Library will be begun within
the next two weeks. It is reported
that the complete plans will be fin
ished within a week, and that con
tracts will be given out immedi
ately. The contract for the massive
concrete foundations will probably
be awarded first, and excavations
will then begin at once. A detailed
description of the architectural de
sign and the building material to
be used in the structure can not be
obtained until the plans are thor
oughly completed and the contracts
I awarded.
