# POOR PEOPLE!
## 
### 
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
In order to allow as many students
as possible to hear the Giliculp con
shirto, prices have been reduced to
six bits.
* * *
