# Notice
## 
### 
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
Saturday, March 1, will be the last
day for the payment of the second
Senior Quad assessment of $4. The
Quad office is open every afternoon
from 1 to 4. After March 1, a fine of
50 cents will be added to unpaid as
sessments.
