# TWENTY YEARS AGO TODAY
## 
### 
John L. Sullivan was granted a di
ploma in esthetic dancing today. John
intends to return the early part of
next year and secure his master's de
gree in croquet.
President Jordan will lecture tonight
to the new students at Encina hall on
methods of making home-made beer.
First Jolly-Up of the year will be
held at the President's mansion next
Friday afternoon. Classes will be dis
missed early in order that the dance
may be finished before supper. There
will be no queening. University offi
cials will call for the girls on bicycles.
Tuition will not be collected this
quarter as the new comptroller has
forgotten some of the students' names.
Encina will give the first tea of the
quarter next Saturday afternoon at
three, o'clock. Dr. and Mrs. Jordan
will chaperone.
The intramural football team has
refused to meet the women's faculty
team as per schedule.
* * *
