# Senate endorsements
## 
### 
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
TheDa//yEditorial Boardwill, once
again, be interviewing and endorsing
candidates tor the upcoming ASSU
Senate election. As in the past, the
board will consider for endorsement
only those candidates it interviews.
The Daily strongly encourages all
candidates to call Sara Lessley or
Randy David at the Daily (497-4632) to
make an appointment for an inter
view. Interviews will be held on
Thursday evening and Sunday after
noon.
