# Girls Quit Fags; Take Up Pipes
## 
### 
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
Because she was smoking too
many cigarettes, Miriam Wolf
borrowed a pipe from Union
cigar counter last night. "A
man's tobacco mixture," is what
she specified to go with it. "A
man's' mixture — but not too
strong."
Everett, the counter tender,
fixed Mimi up with some Briggs
blend and La Wolf went off to
her room for a contemplative
smoke.
Within an hour or so, she was
back at the counter with two
friends. Each planked down a
dollar for one of the little fe
male sized pipes the Union has
been importing, and smoked up.
Everett reports the women
are just catching on to the
craze which has already pene
trated Roble.
