# Library Arranges Welfare Exhibit
## 
### 
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
An exhibit of Child Welfare pub
lications which was set up for the
Education Conference is on display
in the lobby of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Books, posters and other publica
tions in the displays are from the
Ray Lyman Wilbur Collection on
Social Problems in the War Library.
Dr. Wilbur collected the material
when he was chairman of the Presi
dent's White House Conferences on
Social Welfare in 1930.
