# Elroy Robinson Sets 880 Record
## 
### 
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
In the spring of 1934 at
Princeton University, Blazing
Ben Eastman, Stanford's be
goggled blond of the cinderpath,
the holder of the world's rec
ord for 440 yards at 46.4, and
holder of the 880-yard record
at 1:50.3, set a new mark of
1:49.8 for the half-mile run.
Coaches all over the nation
predicted it would be a good
many years before that mark
would be eclipsed. Last Sun
day, however, Elroy Robinson,
formerly of Fresno State Col
lege, knocked two-tenths of a
second off Ben's mark. The
Fresno flyer traveled the dis
tance in 1:49.6 at the New York
Labor track and field meet.
Robinson's coach, J. Flint
Hanner of Fresno State, is a
former Stanford track man and
learned his track from Stan
ford's Coach Dink Tempelton.
