# Brecht Exercises Next Wednesday
## 
### 
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
“Brecht: Exercises for Actors,”
a group of three scenes used by
Brecht in his classes at the Ber
liner Ensemble, will be presented
as an extra production by the
Stanford Contemporary Theatre
Workshop on Wednesday, July 30,
in the Little Theatre at 8:30 p.m.
The scenes, directed by Carl
Weber, will be presented in a re
hearsal atmosphere, using only
minimum properties and scenery.
Following the performance the
audience will be invited to par
ticipate in an informal discus
sion led by Martin Esslin, author
of “The Theatre of the Absurd;”
James Kerans, director of the
Workshop; J. W. Svendsen of the
University of California, Berke
ley: and Weber, a former mem
ber of the Berliner Ensemble.
Actors in the scenes, all mem
bers of the Workshop, include
Michad Graham, Illeana Aste,
Claudia Pendelton, James Ragan,
Larry Bowen, Robert Ferro, Ellen
Headley, Sandra Hunter, Gina
Komurka, and Carmen Ruggeroli.
Tickets, priced at $1 for general
admission and $.75 for students,
will be available at the door.
Coffee will be served.
