# OLYMPIAN GAMES.
## Track and Field Events at the Paris Exposition. 
### 
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
The Olympian Games, which
were revived several years ago at
Athens, are to be held this year in
connection with the Exposition at
Paris. The sports, which will be
in progress from May 27th until
October 28th, include professional
and amateur track and field games,
Rugby and Association football,
hockey, cricket, tennis, croquet,
bowling, baseball, lacrosse, and
golf.
The world's championship events
will take place in July. The
prizes, consisting of medals and
objects of art, have a value of from
400 francs to 50 francs for the
track events, and 250 francs to 50
francs for the field events. Prince
ton is to send a delegation, and
this country will be further repre
sented by an All-American team in
the International 5,000-metre relay
race.
Besides the relay race, the events
in which Americans will participate
are: 110 metres hurdles, 100 metres
dash, 400 metres, 800 metres, and
1,500 metres hurdle, 2,500 metres
steeple-chase, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, shot-put, and
throwing the discus. Entries for
all championship and amateur
events are to be closed June 14,
1900.
