# Strict Rationing Imposed on Jews
## 
### 
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
JERUSALEM. March 30 (UP).—
Strict food rationing was imposed
today on the Jewish community of
Jerusalem, which has been cut off
from fresh supplies by Arab forces.
The Jewish community is entirely
dependent upon truck convoys from
Tel Aviv for supplies, and it has
been several days since one has
been able to penetrate Arab road
blocks.
Haganah tonight claimed its Units j
killed or wounded 30 Arabs, blew j
up a road bridge, and wrecked four I
Arab trucks in an offensive south of \
the strategic village of Yibna.
Three Jews were reported killed.
Yibna is astride a railroad to
Eevpt. Jewish sources said the rail
line was used by troops from Arab
states entering Palestine.
