# Mural Tennis Signups in Gym
## 
### 
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
Tennis comes into its own as a
campus favorite this quarter. Try
outs for the women's tennis team
will be helcl toomrrow from 1 to 3
p.m. in the women's gym.
Meanwhile, signup sheets for the
all-campus tennis tournament have
been installed in both the women's

and men's gyms. The tournament
includes women's singles and mixed
doubles events.
Intramural activity in the Village
Bowling League starts this week
with the formation of league pair
ings. Teams will start to roll next
Monday.
