# Enrollment Up 313; Ratio Remains 3-1
## 
### 
Three hundred and thirteen addi
tional students registered yesterday
to bring the total of students en
rolled for spring quarter to 7,443.
While this figure represented an
increase of 612 students over regis
tration on the same day in spring,
1947, it nevertheless fell several
hundred short of the winter, 1948,
enrollment of 8,093. Additional stu
dents are expected within the next
few days by the registration office,
however.
A late fee of S3 will be charged
students registering today. This fee
will be increased a dollar a day
until a SlO maximum is reached.
Many students found their regis
tration delayed a day or more be
cause of outstanding fees owed the
administration or library from last
quarter.
Men enrolled this quarter number
5,615 so far, compared to 5.142 on
the same day a year ago. By yes
terday. 1.828 women had registered,
in comparison to the 1.77G who be
gan classes in spring. 1947.
Students are reminded that all
loom and board payments are due
within 15 days after registration,
unless installment payments have
been approved by the Dean of Stu
dents in special cases.
