# San Jose State Drama 'Medea' Opens Tonight
## 
### 
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
A near sell - out audience will
greet the San Jose State College
production of "'Medea," which
opens tonight at 8:15 in the Me
morial Hall Little Theater.
Tickets are still on limited sale
for this evening's performance but
are sold out for tomorrow, Friday,
and Saturday.
