# Diversions
## WHITE PLAZA WATCH 
### 
Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




Question: What do you
think a provost does?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

Gets a big salary for sit
ting around on his ass.
Blake Masters
Junior, economics

I think he's a back
up for a proctologist.
Lisa Brooks
3rd-year law student

Grows in the
ground? No, that's a
legume.
Dave Middler
2nd-year law student




