# Duniway to Outline Plan For Freshmen Debating
## 
### 
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
A meeting of all freshmen that are
interested in debating will be held
Thursday at 4 o'clock in Room 203 in
the English building. John Duniway,
who has called the meeting, will be
present and will outline the debating
program for the winter quarter to the
freshlnen.
