# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
Nine men and one woman have been
dismissed from Oberlin for drinking.
