# the bull session
## 
### 
DIPLOMAS AND DOLLARS
The almost universal desire of prep
school students to be admitted to a
university is partially founded upon
the effect produced by those high
powered statistics which purport to
compare the earning capacity of the
average college graduate to that of J
his less fortunate untutored brother, j
The young student who sees these
figures generally concludes that they |
prove beyond any vestige of a doubt
that a college education enables one '
to earn something like twice the j
money that he would otherwise be *'jle j
to get. It is very rare for anyone to ,
pause to consider that, when those
statistics were compiled, they in- 1
eluded the earnings of all thosq chil- I
dren of the immensely wealthy who,
after having graduated from a univer- j
sity, fell into a highly remunerative

position which had been awaiting
them since birth.
As a matter of fact, it is no particu
lar evidence of skepticism to doubt
that the average college graduate is
able to earn any more, or for that
matter as much after he gets out of
college as he would if he had spent
four of the formative years learning
the angles of that particular vocation
which he will eventually follow.
College life produces a vast distaste
for unpleasant toil, along with an
ability to spend money easily and
gracefully. Neither of these attributes
tend to prepare the individual to
amass a fortune.
It is a good bet that, of the nejct
hundred self-made millionaires to be
turned out in this district, there will
be, per capita, ten from South of Mar
ket Street to every one from Stanford.
