# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
YO U R
FORTUNE
IS HERE!
In a wealth of the smart
est, the most comfort
able shoes you've ever
worn — our new For
tunes. See them today
—there's a style and a
size to suit youl
$4.85 & $5.00
iortuke
SHOES FOR MEN
BARRY'S
SHOE STORE
270 UNIVERSITY
