# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADING FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes tr Sodas
at the
GOLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
