# Branner to Hold Hallowe'en Party
## 
### 
A combination scavenger hunt
and Hallowe'en dance will be held
for Branner Hall residents this Fri
day, Oct. 31, from 8 p.m. to 1 a.m.
The scavenger hunt will start out
from the hall at 8 and will end at.
10, at which time the dance will be
gin in the Branner dining hall.
Two $10 merchandise orders from
Roos Brothers will be scavenger
hunt prizesâ€”one each to the winning
boy and girl. Dress for the party
will be informal, emphasized Jerry
Stoner, Branner Club president, and
most couples will wear jeans and
gingham.
Juke box dancing will begin im
mediately after the scavenger hunt
and the Branner dining hall will be
decorated to conform to the barn
dance atmosphere. Cider, cookies,
and candy will be served. Tickets
priced at 75 cents per couple may
be secured from Stan Cook, room
207, Branner Hall.
