# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
The Students Handbooks are still to
be had at the Hookstore for the ask
ing. A large number have already
been taken, but a great many remain.
