# Mechanical Engineers Elect Officers.
## 
### 
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
At their semi-annual election last
night, the members of the Mechanical
Engineer's Society elected C. T. Kee
fer, * 1 :i. president for the coming se
mester. E. L. Peck, '13, was chosen
vice-president, and K. I. Marshall, '13,
secretary-treasurer.
