# RUGBY CHAMPIONSHIP NOT FOR SANTA CLARA.
## California Union Discusses State Title and Proposed Visit of English Players. 
### 
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
Santa Clara University failed to lie
awarded the official title of state
champion at the meeting of the Cali
fornia Rugby I'nion last evening. A
motion was introduced naming the
Catholics champions, which received
the votes of four of the eight dele
gates; but as the rules for the award
ing of championships require a two
thirds ballot the motion was lost.
The matter of bringing over a picked
team from the English universities
was again discussed, and was finally
referred to the international com
mittee. A principal objection to the
trip is that the Englishmen would have
to be back in England by October 13,
so that their local games would not
fall well within the local University
season.
Graduate Manager 1). W. Rurbank
represented Stanford at the meeting.
