# McCarthy cites nukes as slighted concerns
## 
### DAVID RISSER Staff writer 
The 1984 presidential candidates
should "challenge concepts used to
justify nuclear arms buildups and
not the quantitative measures and
technological aspects of the
buildup," former senator and
presidential candidate Eugene
McCarthy said here yesterday.
McCarthy, who sought the Dem
ocratic presidential nomination in
I 968 and '72 and ran as an inde
pendent in '76. told about 100
people at the Law School yesterday
that the attitude toward nuclear
war is the most prominent of
several issues inadequately dis
cussed in this year's election.
Former Vice President Walter
Mondale and Colorado Sen. Gary
Hart are arguing over specific
weapons systems and what
percentage of the gross national
product should be spent on
defense, issues that, according to
McCarthy, are "all \er\ secondary
and distracting."
The candidates are also inade
quately addressing the "extent to
which decisions in every part of

Defines presidential issues
American life are made through
the corporate structure.
McCarthy said.
Singling out the corporate influ
ence in military and policy deci
sions, he said. "The militarx
industrial complex is a manifesta
tion of the corporate spirit and
weapons systems have become a
projection of corporate profit
motives."
"Multinational corporations
make their own foreign policv and
are currently able to escape normal
controls." McCarthy said citing
the Nestle Corporation as .in exam
ple.
He stressed the need to curb the


Eugene McCarthy
