# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
Florence Moore Hall
the engagement of Jan Graves
Paloma, '58, to Don Morgan, Sig
ma Chi, '58.
