# KPFA Schedules SU Programs
## 
### 
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
Radio station KPFA will broad
cast several Stanford programs
in the near future.
The first program will be a lec
ture by Professor C. Langdon
White on "Mexico, Revolution
and Evolution." It will be broad
cast tomorrow at 8:45 p.m.
Physicist Wolfgang K. H. Pa
nofsky will discuss "Science and
Education" on Feb. 25 at 8:30
p.m. and a Stanford panel will
discuss "What Sputnik Means to
America" on Feb. 27 at 9 p.m.
