# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Susan Small, '60,
to Dave Diffenderfer, Delta Chi,
'57.
