# Track Featured
## 
### 
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
Stanford track and Payton Jor- j
dan's contributions to it are fea-!
tured in a bulletin fioard display j
on the library side of the first 1
floor of Cubberley Auditorium.
Thq,exhibit features pictures of
former Indian track athletes. It j
adds a strong Jordan twist, how- j
ever, by featuring his "perform-'
ance charts," which include these !
athletes and are intended to in- j
spire his current competitors. '
