# Thwarts Wreck
## 
### 

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.

BECAUSE his prompt action
thwarted an attempt to derail a
Southern Pacific train near Dutch
Flat, Calif., this track-walker,
Antonia Nencina, was awarded a
gold watch and chain by his com
pany at Sacramento.
