# JUGOSLAV GOVERNMENT HINTS SHIFT TO AXIS
## 
### 
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
(UP). —An officially inspired state
ment, believed to herald imminent
announcement of Jugoslavia's shift
to lhe Axis, was published through
out the nation today, assuring the
people that the government is "cor
rectly judging" their interests and
security.
As part of its swing to the side of
(' rmany, the government was un
derstood to have intervened in an
cli'uj't to break down Greece's stub
born stand in refusing to submit to
a N. zi-dict&ted peace with Italy.
