# KQW TO CARRY GAME
## 
### 
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
Farm fans can follow a word de
scription of Stanford's Southern Di
vision champions in the conference
hoop play-offs next. Friday and Sat
urday against Washington State.
Station KQW will make the broad
cast.
