# Berkeley Notes.
## 
### 
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
— Berkeley is soon to issue a
comic periodical to he called the
Hear.
— Roy Service was chosen captain
of the junior track team at Berke
ley yesterday. The team, which
includes, besides Service, Plaw,
Smith, Powell, Powers, Ilussey,
and Hamlin, is to meet the high
school athletes at Ukiah, March
23d.
