# Pan-American Athletic Contests.
## 
### 
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
At the annual meeting of the
Intercollegiate Association in New
York in February a resolution was
adopted indorsing the Pan-Ameri
can Intercollegiate games to he
he'il in Buffalo in the spring.
These names are to he under the
direction of the committee on
sports, whose members all are col
lege men. and will take place in
the Stadium on the Exposition
grounds on Friday, May olst, and
Saturday, June Ist. Following, as
it does by a. week, the regular in
tercollegiate meet in New York
and several of the Western track
meets, the Pan-American meet is

sure to draw competitors from all
sections of the country. Such an op
portunity for a thoroughly national
meet of college athletes is rarely
offered and it is to be hoped and
expected that college men generally
will show the interest and give the
support that the occasion demands.
The meet will he conducted under
the rules of the Intercollegiate As
sociation and all of the judges and
officials will he college men of well
known reputation and experience.
Handsome medals will he given to
the three first men in each event;
and to the two colleges scoring the
highest number of points, trophies
will he awarded.
