# ROOTERS' TICKETS FOR BIG GAME ON SALE TODAY ONLY
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the first
California-Stanford basketball
game which will bo played in
the Stanford Pavilion, Satur
day, January 23, go on sale to
day at the Associated Students
Office in the Old Union. They
will remain on sale today only.
Office hours are from 9 to 12
and 1 to 5. Only 1200 tickets
will be available to Stanford
students.
Each student may purchase
one ticket for 50c upon pre
sentation of a student body
card and the rooters' tickets
thus purchased are not trans
ferrablc. However, one student
may buy tickets for his entire
living group by securing aVid
presenting student body cards
from the various members.
