# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
In less than two months of oper
ation the legal aid clinic of Duke
University law school handled 45
cases for persons unable to pay a
lawyer's fee.
