# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
The University of Illinois students
expect to have a $150,000 building for
their Union.
