# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
The co-eds of the University of Wis
consin have just formed a student
council.
