# Intercollegiate Chess Tryouts Opened.
## 
### 
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
The Chess Club, at a meeting on
Friday evening, decided to hold the
tryouts for the Intercollegiate Chess
team at once, and several entries
have already been made. There is no
entrance fee, and the winner of the
tournament will be champion of the
University for the year. The first
seven men will make the Intercollegi
ate team.
The Club will meet every second
Friday during the spring in room 182,
Encina. Entries for the elimination
tournament will be received by H. A.
Hackett, '13.
