# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
An Anti-Fat Club has been formed
among the co-eds at Minnesota. A
woman must weigh over 140 pounds
to be a member. Similar clubs are
flourishing at Smith and Vassar.
