# Student Body Dues Are Well Paid.
## 
### 
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
Up to the present, 792 men and 346
women have paid their Student Body
dues, making a total collection of
$2,27(>. This sum exceeds that paid
last, year by $30. Any one who has
not yet paid may do so at the Reg
istrar's Office.
