# Stanford Work in Sunset.
## 
### 
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
Miss Edith Merrilees, '06, is the
author of a short story in the Oc
tober number of Sunset Magazine en
titled "Where the Color of Life Is
Red." The scene is laid at Stanford
and the characters are Stanford stu
dents. Miss Merrilees was formerly
editor of the Sequoia, and is now an
assistant in the English department.
The artistic cover of the same mag
azine depicting the Portola girl is by
Itandal W. Borough, '04. .
