# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Last night the custom of rushing
received an effective quietus. With
every condition favorable, dark
ness, noise, excitement, enthusiasm,
tauntings, and a flood-tide of class
spirit, there was yet a forbearance
and demeanor of self-restraint on
the part of all the classes that de
serves credit. Especially are the
two under classes to he congratu
lated.
Last night the custom of rushing
received an effective quietus. With
every condition favorable, dark
ness, noise, excitement, enthusiasm,
tauntings, and a flood-tide of class
spirit, there was yet a forbearance
and demeanor of self-restraint on
the part of all the classes that de
serves credit. Especially are the
two under classes to he congratu
lated.
Last night the custom of rushing
received an effective quietus. With
every condition favorable, dark
ness, noise, excitement, enthusiasm,
tauntings, and a flood-tide of class
spirit, there was yet a forbearance
and demeanor of self-restraint on
the part of all the classes that de
serves credit. Especially are the
two under classes to he congratu
lated.
Last night the custom of rushing
received an effective quietus. With
every condition favorable, dark
ness, noise, excitement, enthusiasm,
tauntings, and a flood-tide of class
spirit, there was yet a forbearance
and demeanor of self-restraint on
the part of all the classes that de
serves credit. Especially are the
two under classes to he congratu
lated.
Last night the custom of rushing
received an effective quietus. With
every condition favorable, dark
ness, noise, excitement, enthusiasm,
tauntings, and a flood-tide of class
spirit, there was yet a forbearance
and demeanor of self-restraint on
the part of all the classes that de
serves credit. Especially are the
two under classes to he congratu
lated.
