# 'Tea 'N Thee...'
## 
### 

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.

President and Mrs. Wallace Sterling
greeted 1300 new students at a recep
tion in the garden outside their house
yesterday afternoon. The event cli
maxed a week-long freshman orienta
tion.
