# Foothill Radii Back On Air
## 
### 
Foothill Sentinel
Foothill College
Foothill radio 6tation KFJ
FM is scheduled to begin a no
season of "Creative
ming" Oct. 3, with emphasis <
"original and creative prodi
tion," according to Student Si
tion Manager, John King.
"Primarily we are going
continue with our format
'middle of the road music' wi
some educational and inforrr
tive features," King said. "Ao
ever, we plan to produce sor
new and exciting programs
well."
Tentative plans call for a pr
gram produced by Jeff Lengy
which features a weekly ha
hour broadcast of short c toi
readings with background rmis
to set the mood. In additio
KFJC plans to broadcast cam
us special events and horr
games of the football and ba
ketball teams.
