# Antenna
## 
### 

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.

The final slice of a new pie-shaped dish antenna, the first of five
which will make up the new radio telescope being' built on the
"antenna farm" shown being raised into place by engineers.
