# Letter Policy
## 
### 
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
The Daily is happy to accept
and print letters to the editor.
They must be typewritten on 65-
space lines and double spaced.
Letters should not exceed 300
words in length. Shorter letters
have a better chance of being:
printed.
As a general rule, unsigned
letters will not be printed, but
names will be withheld under
certain circumstances upon re
quest.
