# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
SefIhuHSSBnHninDDDMEBMei
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
February 25-26-27
COLLEEN MOORE in
"WE MODERNS"
Adapted from Israel Zangwill's
famous stage success with Jack
Mulhall, Claude Gillingwater,
and Clive Moore in the cast.
Colleen back in her flapper fole
after her success in "So Big"
and "Bailie."
"SO THfS IS ART"
A Monkey Comedy
FOX NEWB
i
t
