# Mining Department Gets New Polishing Equipment
## 
### 
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
New micrometallograph and polish
ing equipment has been received this
week by the Mining and Metallurgy
department for use in the course on
the physical and metallographic con
stitution of ordnance steel, given by
Professor W. J. Crook of the Mining
department. The equipment is fur
nished by the United States Army Ord
nance Department to the Stanford
ordnance classes.
