# VARSITY NINE LOSES BATTING POWER TO DROP GAME. 2 TO 0
## Garibaldi Makes Sole Card Hit Off Deliveries of Hutchinson 
### Herb Klein 
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
The Klawans and McMullins nine
of San Francisco took a 2 to 0 game
from a Stanford varsity team that
looked anything but impressive. Hutch
inson, the San Francisco twirler,
curbed the Cards' batting power; only
one Stanford man was able to get a
hit in the entire nine innings, and
first was reached only five times.
Steve Collins pitched the entire
game for Stanford. He showed a big
improvement in control over his work
in the first game with Santa Clara a
wek ago. Collins struck out seven men,
against two for the Klawans and Mc-
Mullins moundsman, but allowed six
hits during the course of the game.
The visitors scored in the first in
ning when Shinski, center fielder, got
to first on a walk. Bat work by Mon
tague and Callaghan, who followed,
brought him to third. Shinski then
stole home while Collins was winding
up. Collins was unable to check his
throw for fear of a balk, and Shinski
made the plate safely.
No further scoring was made until
the eighth when the visitors made
their second run on a hit by Callaghan.
Callaghan shared with his teammate,
O'Connell, tho distinction of getting
two hits.
Garibaldi, Stanford second baseman,
got the sole hit for the Cardinal nine
when he connected squarely with the
ball in the third inning. Successive
strikeouts prevented a score before
the inning closed.
Infallible fielding featured the play
ing of the San Francisco nine. Not a
single error was registered against
any of their men.
The ninth inning was typical of the
fate that seemed to dog the varsity
sluggers throughout the game. Weaver
came to bat first prepared to start a
rally. He drove along third but the
smooth-working third-to-first combina
tion nailed him. Stewart followed and
slammed the ball into the pitcher's
mit. Johnston, the last man up, was
put out with no more fuss, and the
game was over.
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 the var
sity will meet the Kenealy Seals of
San Francisco. This squad is rated as
one of the best of the San Francisco
winter league clubs. It has played at
Stanford every season for several
years under the leadership of Neil
Kenealy.
