# Wright Here
## 
### 

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.

Daily photo by Rod Calkins

Il;mna House, the residence of Prof. Paul R. Hauna of Education,
was built by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is located on
Frenchmans Road.
