# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
Daily Election
Elections will be held today
for Editor of Volume 148 of
the Daily. The edit board is
to meet at J p.m. in the
Daily shack.
