# El Toro Routs Stern III Quint
## 
### 
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
El Toro, running as wild as the
proverbial bull in the china shop,
routed Stern 111 2, 47 to 19, in the
Pavilion last night.
Using a fast break to the utmost,
Toro got off to a lightning fast start.
Forwards Marty Gold and Marsh
Pearlman broke in for lay - ins to
give the Bulls an early lead. With
Larry Cahn and Fred Firestone hit
ting from the guard spots and big
center Bill Dickinson pouring in tips
and jump shots. El Toro held a com
manding 24 to 10 intermission lead.
Stern began closing the lead on the
shooting of their 6-ft. G-in. center
Warren Schmidt. Fresh Toro men,
Ted Cannis and Skip Irving, put out
the fire. Dickinson and Cahn paced
the winners with 20 and 1(5 respec
tively, while Schmidt was totaling 14
for the losers.
