# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.

SKI TIME—Ann Peterson, Stanford Ski Club secretary, is ready for a free lesson in the Yosemite
Ski School. Miss Peterson, along with Ski Club president Peggy Vorse, is handling details for
the annual Stanford Winter Carnival. See story in columns 7 and 8 for details.
