# WESLEY CLUB
## 
### 
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
Stanford Wesley Club will meet at
5 p.today in the lobby of Lagu
nita.
