# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
The International dinner will take
place at the Palo Alto Community
Center Saturday, not in the Women's
Clubhouse as previously announced
in the Daily.
