# Veteran Petitions For Credits Due
## 
### 
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
Veterans wlu> wish military credit
added to their Stanford record must
fjle a petition to have their credit
evaluated. Former students return
ing to Stanford,! who have taken
work elsewhere, must file a petition
to have their transfer college work
evaluatyd.
Petitions must be filed by 5 p.m.
today at the information desk. Reg
istrar's office, Hoom 111-A.
