# MAN GETS MILLIONS; SWOONS ON RECEIPT
## 
### 
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
WARSAW, Feb. 26. —(IT. P.)—' U
nable to procure employment for sev
eral weeks, Stanislaw Abaciak col
lapsed today upon learning from the
United States consul at Lodz that he
had inherited $12,000,000 from a rich
American uncle.
It didn't take long for Abaciak to
recover. The inheritance came from
Anton Robaes of Denver, Colorado.
Abaciak now is busily evading the
att"ntion of crowds who claim they
were his friends in the days of his
poverty.
