# Ballot Measures To Be Discussed at Special Meeting Monday Night
## 
### 
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
A discussion of the measures to be j
voted on at the election of November /
will be held at a meeting called for Mon
day evening at 6 :.30 in the Women's Club
house. This meeting is primarily for
voters connected with the University.
Professor R. L. Green of the Mathe
matics department is in charge of the
meeting and has asked several other mem
bers of the Faculty to talk on the vari
ous amendments. ,
