# PHI KAPPA SIGMA
## 
### 
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
Daryl Snyder, president; Andy
Bcall, vice-president; Bob Grenier.
.social chairman; Jan Van Slyke,
secretary; Jim Boston, correspond
ing secretary; J. D. Northway, rush
ing chairman; Bill Buss, house man
ager.
