# Holiday
## 
### 
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
Because of the anniversary of
George Washington's birth tomor
row, no classes are scheduled at
the University. The main library
has announced that its hours to
morrow will ho from H a.m. to I
p.m. with regular hours to he re
sumed on Wednesday.
The Stanford post office will he
open for access to boxes, but all
windows will be closed. The
Bookstore will he closed all day.
Because of the holiday, there
will be no Daily published tomor
row.
