# Identification Is Required by Libe
## 
### 
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
The Main Library now requires
all borrowers to identify themselves
by student body or faculty identifi
cation cards. While library regula
tions have always included this
practice, it has not been regularly
enforced until this year. It is in
tended to cut down the loss of books
which results from unauthorized
borrowing and use of false signa
tures.
All persons seeking access to the
stacks are required to present un
dergraduate student body cards
stamped in the Director's office,
graduate cards, or faculty identifi
cation cards. Undergraduate cards
will be stamped upon request by a
faculty member. Faculty identifica
tion cards are also provided by the
Director's office.
