# Adv. 40 Page 11
## 
### 
Applying to
Graduate
School?
The Princeton Review
can increase your
chances of acceptance.
We offer courses to
prepare you for the
tests you need to take
for graduate school.
Sign-up now!
• MCAT courses
begin June 26
• LSAT course
begin July 10
• GRE courses
begin July 17
THE
PRINCETO
REVIEW
;ON^
4T
Call
(408) 268-9674
to reserve a place.
Applying to
Graduate
School?
The Princeton Review
can increase your
chances of acceptance.
We offer courses to
prepare you for the
tests you need to take
for graduate school.
Sign-up now!
• MCAT courses
begin June 26
• LSAT course
begin July 10
• GRE courses
begin July 17
THE
PRINCETO
REVIEW
;ON^
4T
Call
(408) 268-9674
to reserve a place.
Applying to
Graduate
School?
The Princeton Review
can increase your
chances of acceptance.
We offer courses to
prepare you for the
tests you need to take
for graduate school.
Sign-up now!
• MCAT courses
begin June 26
• LSAT course
begin July 10
• GRE courses
begin July 17
THE
PRINCETO
REVIEW
;ON^
4T
Call
(408) 268-9674
to reserve a place.
Applying to
Graduate
School?
The Princeton Review
can increase your
chances of acceptance.
We offer courses to
prepare you for the
tests you need to take
for graduate school.
Sign-up now!
• MCAT courses
begin June 26
• LSAT course
begin July 10
• GRE courses
begin July 17
THE
PRINCETO
REVIEW
;ON^
4T
Call
(408) 268-9674
to reserve a place.
Applying to
Graduate
School?
The Princeton Review
can increase your
chances of acceptance.
We offer courses to
prepare you for the
tests you need to take
for graduate school.
Sign-up now!
• MCAT courses
begin June 26
• LSAT course
begin July 10
• GRE courses
begin July 17
THE
PRINCETO
REVIEW
;ON^
4T
Call
(408) 268-9674
to reserve a place.
Applying to
Graduate
School?
The Princeton Review
can increase your
chances of acceptance.
We offer courses to
prepare you for the
tests you need to take
for graduate school.
Sign-up now!
• MCAT courses
begin June 26
• LSAT course
begin July 10
• GRE courses
begin July 17
THE
PRINCETO
REVIEW
;ON^
4T
Call
(408) 268-9674
to reserve a place.
