# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
Clues /\
from {<™IS
the aUa. & K
Walk in Glory
In a Maris Blue
3-Piece Bouclc Suit
You'll find its blue beauty
extraordinary — and its
sweater-jacket with small
white - band trim excep
tional.
$20.00
AT THE
Clothes Ctosct
510 Waverley
Read Classified Ads
