# Debate Team Tours South
## 
### 
Desirability of armament limita
tion is being debated on several
Southern California campuses by
Benita Calmenson and Frances
Strong, Stanford women debaters,
who left the University Monday
night to take part in five debates.
The Pi Kappa Delta question
will be the subject in all debates.
It is "Resolved, that the nations
should agree to prevent the in
ternational shipment of arma
ments." The Stanford women will
uphold the affirmative side in
three, and the negative in two of
the meets.
Yesterday afternoon a debate was
scheduled with Long Beach Junior
College. This afternoon there will be
one with Redlands. Tomorrow after
noon there will be a meet with Oc
cidental; tomorrow evening with
U.S.C. Friday afternoon the last
debate will be held with U.C.L.A.
