# PROMOTED
## 
### 

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)

11. 11. Arnold (above), has been
promoted from the rank of lieu
tenant-colonel to that of briga
dier-general and designated com
mander of the Pacific coast wing of
the reorganized army air forces,
lie is at present commanding offi
cer of March Field at Riverside.
(Associated Press photo.)
