# CONCEIVED IN 1948
## Architect Unveils Plans for 30-Acre Science Quadrangle Next to Old Quad 
### 
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
Architects are developing long
range plans for a 30-acre Science
Quadrangle next to the original
Stanford Quad.
The Science Quad has been de
veloping gradually since 1948,
when the present High Energy
Physics Laboratory home of the
world's largest linear electron ac
celerator was built. Seven of the
eventual 14 buildings proposed
for the area are now already built
or under construction.
Gardner Dailey. San Francisco
architect, has prepared plans for
future development of the new
Quad. They include landscaping,
garden courts and architecture
designed to harmonize with the
University's Romanesque style.
Three of the new buildings will
front on Lomita Drive. Lomita it
self will be closed to vehicles in
this area, becoming a pedestrian
mall similar to Lasuen SI reel on

the opposite side of the main
Quad.
A fourth proposed building will
front on Serra Street looking to
ward the Chemistry Building.
Five more will be arranged with
in the new Quad to form open
courtyards and landscaped areas.
The five present buildings of
the Science Quad are the VV. VV.
Hansen Laboratories (High Ener
gy Physics and Microwave), the
Ilenry Salvatori Laboratory of
Geophysics, the Stanford Elec
tronics Laboratory and the Ap
plied Mathematics aind Statistics
Laboratory.
Together with two new build
ings under construction, these
comprise over 140,000 square feet i
of space, or about a third of the
total 420,000 square feet proposed
for the entire Science Quad.
I'rcscut Cost
Their cost so far, including
present construction, is about $2
million. The majority have been
financed by royalties and earn
ings from the research of their
faculty occupants. Gifts have pro- j
vided about $400,000 of the
amount.
Central building of the three j
t|i;ii will f;ice the old Quad is a
$405,000 physics lecture building
now mirier construction. Circular
in shape, it will become a focal I
point of the new Quad looking di- !
rectly through the main Quad to
ward the University Library on I
the opposite side.
Other Science Quad buildings]
under construction are the $100,
000 Lloyd Noble Laboratory of
Petroleum Engineering and a
$200,000 addition to the Micro
wave Laboratory.
Of the proposed construction, a
$100,000 addition to the Stanford
Electronics Laboratory and a
$280,000 two-stage program for
building an Applied Electronics
Laboratory are already under de
sign. These will contain about
8400 and 19,000 square feet, re
spyctively.
Other Buildings
Other buildings in Dai ley's plan
include a second physics building
for teaching and research, plus i
five other buildings for future j
Science Quad expansion. The ad- j
ditional physics building would !
provide about 65.000 square fr>et
of space at a cost of $2 million.
The other five would contain !
about 185,000 square feet costing
$5Mi million.
Value of the fully developed j
Science Quad would total more 1
than $10 million. Rising construc-'
tion costs and structural varia '
tions account for the higher unit ;
cost of proposed buildings.
No date has been set for the
new Quad's completion. The de
veloping needs of the University,
together with financial consider
ations, will be the principal gov
erning factors, Sterling said.
University planners believe the I
Science Quad will encourage the
"cross ■ fertilization" of ideas
among scientists in different
fields that modern science and
technology demand.

Close by are specialists in other
sciences. The School of Medicine
will occupy a new Stanford Medi
cal Center soon to be built on ad
jacent land.
This physical proximity of var
ious scientists will stimulate fur
ther collaboration of the kind re
quired to build the medical accel
erator now being used for cancer j
therapy at the Medical School.
Physicists, engineers and physi
cians worked together to produce
it.
According to the present plans,
all new buildings in Ihe Science
Quad will be of reinforced Con-1
crete construction with sandstone
coloring. Outer buildings will in
clude red tile roofs anrl be of a.
style and height to provide a har
monius transition between the
original Quad's architecture and
the more functional style of pres
cut new Quad laboratories.
