# Mare Island Trip Starts Friday.
## 
### 
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
Friday morning on the 7:59 train,
instead of Saturday, as printed in last
evening's paper, the engineering trip
to Mare Island will start. Anyone
wishing to go should notify G. O. Wil
son,'l4, or L. Bussert, '14, this even
ing.
