# V.L. KELLOGG ANSWERS ATTACK ON EUGENICS
## 
### 
As the last step in an interesting
controversy between Professor V. L.
Kellogg of the Entomology depart
ment and Theodore Roosevelt, the
Stanford professor contributes an
article to a coming issue of the Stan
ford Alumnus which replies to one by
Colonel Roosevelt in the Outlook
criticizing the attitude of American
scientists towards eugenics.
Professor Kellogg deplores the tend
ency of modern defenders of the ani
mal instincts in man and declares that
while it is easy to ridicule a word
which is as frequently misused as
eugenics, neither declaratory damning
nor arguments from analogy are con
vincing. He illustrates his beliefs by
referring to the horrors of the Bal
kan and Mexican wars, where the devil
in man ruled the thousands, and states
that it will be long before the few
heroes of those bloody battles succeed
in making future worthy writers of
eugenics forget the recent horrors.
