# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
Thirty-nine per cent, of the cost of
food in New York is for transporta
tion.
