# Wednesday Evening Bible Class.
## 
### 
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
The usual Wednesday evening Bible
class will meet tomorrow in the Ves
try Room of Memorial Church at
7:T5. Reverend D. C. Gardner will
continue the discussion on "The Per
son of Christ."
