# Daily Staff Meeting
## 
### 
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
Fdilorial stall' scribes convene at 1 :l.j in the
shack to do honor to the first meeting of the
quarter. From the lowest to the highest it is
urged that all be present to whisper aye.
