# CAMPUS CALENDAR
## 
### 
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
TODAY
3:30-4:30 —Women's board and room
rent must be paid in the lobby of
the Administration Building.
3—Tryouts for men's parts in. "The
Insect Comedy" in the Little The-»
at re.
4:4s—Senior Program Committee
meeting in the A.S.S.U. committee
rooms.
7:3o—Alpha Chi Sigma pledge meet
ing, Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Stanford Badminton Club
meeting in the Women's Gym.
TOMORROW
2:3o—Quad picture of varsity and
frosh tennis teams at the courts.
4:3o—Quad photographs of baseball
teams in the Sunken Diamond.
7:3o—Meeting of Alpha Chi Sigma,
professional chemistry society, in
Room 18, Chemistry Building.
7:3o—Camp Counselor Training
Course enrollment in the Little
Theatre.
3:2o—Concert by Feodor Chaliapin,
basso, in the Pavilion.
