# BADMINTON MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
Stanford Badminton Club meets
tonight at 7:30 o'clock in the Wom
en's Gymnasium. Throughout the
quarter they will meet every Tues
day and Wednesday evening. An
all-University tournament is to be
held soon.

Cotton can now bo grown with
colored tints. Specimens of green
and tan were exhibited recently.
