# Dates Set for Filing Of Scholarship Applications
## 
### 
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
Graduate scholarship applications j
for 1935-36 should be filed at the ,
office of the Committee on Scholar- |
.ship on or before April 4. Old under
graduate students should file their
applications by April 15 and new
undergraduates by June 25. Tho.se
who now have scholarships or ap
plications on file for the current
year must rc-apply at this time in
order to be considered for 1935-36.
