# Former Scouts Invited To Honor Colonel Walton
## 
### 
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
All former scouts are invited to
attend a meeting sponsored by the
local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega,
national scouting fraternity, to be
held in the basement of the Wom
en's Clubhouse this Saturday morn
ing.
The guest of honor will be Col
onel Walton, Commissioner for the
Rovers of England, an older boys'
organization. Colonel Walton is ac
companying Lord Baden-Powell,
founder of scouting, throughout the
world.
