# PROTEGES PICKED IN SQUABBLE OVER "BABY STARS"
## 
### 

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)

With Hollywood producers and press agents (yes. they have them there) quarreling over the right to
name the Wampas baby stars, one studio selected its own list and called the future movie greats "pro
teges." They were, left to right: Ann Sheridan. Katherine de Mille, Grace Bradley, Gail Patrick, ,Qcr.
trude Michael and Wendy Barrie. (Asociated Press Photo)
