# SARAH MAYER FIRST WOMAN TO GET WRESTLING BELT
## 
### 

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)

A blonde Englishwoman is the first person of her sex to be awarded official ranking as an adept at
lu-jitsu, Japanese method of self defense. Mrs. Sarah Mayer, shown above with an instructor on his back,
was awarded the "black belt" after 10 months instruction In Kyoto. This is the lowest rating of those
vorthy of official ranking as experts. (Associated Press Photo)
