# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
Stanford's last PCC basketball
champions were crowned back in
15)42. Since that time they have
done no better than third in the
Southern Division.
