# Hoedowners Learn New Folk Dances
## 
### 
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
The Hoedowners, Stanford's folk
dance organization, will begin their
regular dance sessions Monday. The
meetings, held every Monday eve
ning from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's
Gym, are open to everyone on cam
pus.
New dances will be taught on the
first and third Mondays of the
month, and the other sessions will
include a review of dances taught
last quarter and also those taught
the previous week.
The dances to be taught will be
announced in the Daily before the
meetings, and they will not be re
taught this quarter. Among the
dances will be polkas, schottisches,
waltzes, American square dances,
hombos, la raspa, contra dance,
chiapanecas, tarantellas, and many
new Russian dances.
Mrs. Miriam Lidster, Stanford
dance instructor, will teach regular
ly, and one or two outside teachers
will be invited during the quarter.
Monday's meeting will feature a
review of dances from last quarter
with special emphasis on the schot
tische, the polka, the hombo, and
the hopak.
