# PUBLICITY HEAD NAMED
## 
### 
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
Al Johnson, former chairman of
the Student Federalists, has been
named publicity director bv Ken
Croft, present chairman of the or
ganization.
