# Rains May Flood Shasta Reservoir
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7 (UP).â€”
Torrential rains which have drench
ed the upper Sacramento Valley in
the past few days caused Bureau of
Reclamation officials to predict to
day that the Shasta Dam reservoir
may be full and overflowing by May
or June.
The bureau reported that 84,900
acre feet of water was added to the
reservoir's stored water in the 24-
hour period ending at 7 p.m. today.
In the past few days over 200,000
acre feet have flowed into the reser
voir, they added.
The total amount of water in the
reservoir has now risen to 2,449.000
acre feet. Its capacity is 3,800,000
acre feet. The amount stored is now
250,000 acre feet more than at this
time last year.
More stormy weather was pre
oflicials, with heavy rainfall in the
mountains.
