# Yosemite Reservations Confirmed for Weekend
## 
### 
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
"Unless names are crossed off the
list, all those who signed the alter
nate list to go to Yosemite Jan. 9
and 10 have reservations," an
nounced Joanne Whittier, Ski Club
vice-president in charge of reser
vations.
If these people cannot go, they
must make arrangements with sub
stitutes or with Yosemite; otherwise
they will be charged for their ac
commodat'«"«?.
