# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
The Stanford Intramural touch
football season starts on Wednes
day. Schedules will be posted this
afternoon in Encina gym.
Intramural handbooks are now
available in Mr. Bugge’s office.
Signups for two-man volley-ball
end tonight.
Intramural bowling signups con
tinue this week. Each team must
post a $2 deposit.
