# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
In reference to your editorial
of Friday, Sept. 21, entitled “Pro
gressive Trend,” I wish to ap
plaud your efforts for a more
realistic appraisal on the part of
the University of what, is to be
considered “partisan politics on
campus.”
Furthermore, I believe that all
students at this campus are ad
versely affected by such a ruling
which seems to me quite unrea
sonable. Finally, I want to urge
all students to express their
views on this very important
matter. Your admonition is to be
taken seriously, and I have re
sponded in this fashion, for un
less students are heard from on
this question the old ruling will
prevail for a long time to come.
Jose D. Pereira
