# Transfers to Try For Soph Excom
## 
### 
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
Sophomore transfer students
interested in becoming members
of Soph Excom will be inter
viewed Monday, Nov. 4, at 3:15
p.m. a) Bowman Alumni House
according to Howie Anawalt,
sophomore class president.
Regular sophomore class hours
are .3 to 4 p.m. on Mondays at
Bowman.
