# IIR Will Sponsor Middle East Talk
## 
### 
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
Dr. Helen J. Martin, former
principal of the American Col
lege for Girls in Cairo, Egypt,
will discuss the Middle East situ
ation this afternoon at a Cultural
Talk sponsored by the Institute
of International Relations. Dr.
Martin will speak at 4:15 in Bow
man Alumni House.
Since her retirement after 40
years as head of the Egyptian
school, Dr. Martin has devoted
her time to lecturing in the Unit
ed States, defending the Arab
cause in the Middle East crisis.
Dr. Martin believes that the
U.S. has lost prestige in the Mid
dle East since the Suez crisis,
and presents the Arab side to
Americans in hopes of creating
more understanding between
these countries. The Zionist
cause has been greatly over
stressed here, Dr. Martin claims.
