# Amendment Club.
## 
### 
Several counties are still unrep
resented on the board of county
chairmen of the Constitutional
Amendment Club. Hard work
must be done in every county in
the State or the amendment will
fail. Students from the counties
which are not now represented are
urged to come forward at once, for
the club can do very little in their
counties without further informa
tion as to the local conditions,
names of voters, etc. The follow
ing are the counties which are not
represented:
Alpine, Calaveras, Colusa, Del
Norte, El Dorado, Glenn, Kings,
Lassen, Marin, Mariposa, Mono,
Placer, Plumas, Sierra, Tehama,
Trinity, Tuolumne, Yuba.l
Names should be handed to Pro
fessor Charles R. Lewers, room 5
quad.
