# Fair Week Is Coming.
## 
### 
Next Monday will witness the
inception of the great Fair at Ag
ricultural Park in San Jose. To
write in extravagant terms of
events that are public in their na
ture, particularly of fairs, has be
come a custom; but regarding the
one under consideration, truth im
pels the statement that not one
word of description has been over
drawn, nor, in fact, so far as the
columns of this paper are con
cerned has one-half the truth been
told, nor but a small per cent of
the attractions outlined. Among
the most beautiful features will be
that planned for Children's Day,
when '20,000 school children are to
march in line with appropriate
ceremonies. Balloon ascensions,
high-rope walking, a '4 ( J camp and
German village, polo, barbecues,
and other attractions without limit
will enhance the program. All
residents who can attend this
unique celebration should do so.
Such gatherings cement the ties of
friendship and form new ones
that are most desirable. Make a
picnic of Thursday, when ten bul
locks will be barbecued and their
meat with bread furnished free.
Every day will be replete with good
things, including five racing events.
