# LETTERS
## 
### 
THE HOUSE PLAN
Editor, The Daily:
It sems to me that the question
"What Is the Stanford house
plan” deserves an answer broader
in scope and more honest in char
acter than the one printed in
Monday’s Daily.
Can anyone at Stanford serious
ly believe that away of life in
which the joining of the social
and intellectual is “natural and
inevitable” exists here?
The “Stanford house plan,” as
applied strictly to Stern, may re
quire this kind of idealistic de
fense in the face of fraternity
prestige. But if this ideal, by
which the university defends one
aspect of its housing policy, is
valid, it should be applicable to
that policy all over campus. Is the
university actually fostering the
kind of atmosphere conducive to
“the vigorous sharing of the in
tellectual ferment of our time”?
If so, where and how? Not in
Stern, surely, and not in women’s
residences.
I would be grateful if ST&T or
anyone else could provide a real
istic appraisal of the Stanford
House Plan as it stands now, not
a Utopian theory which Dr. Stone
must be embarrassed to see in
print.
Barbara Kingston
