# TWO HURT IN CRASH
## 
### 
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
F. R. Tiffany of 451 Addison, Palo
Alto, received slight concussion of
the brain when the car he whs driv
ing collided with that of Frank Trea
gle of Rox 4152 Menlo Park at F.l
Caniino Real and Palm Drive about
midnight Saturday.
Treagle, who had no operator's li
cense and whose car had no foot
brakes according to Campus Officer
Oordy Burns, escaped with minor
