# PAULMAN PASSES
## PHI DELT PLEDGE 
### 
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
Phi Delta Theta announces the
pledging of Bill Paulman, '38.
