# Cage Team Back, Twelve Hours Late
## 
### 
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
Delayed 12 hours by cold, snow,
sleet, and other miscellaneous hard
luck, Coach John Bunn's victorious
basketball varsity arrived on the
campus at 11 o'clock Saturday night,
after three weeks and one day on the
road, and after winning seven
straight games before 50.000 people.
Practice will begin this afternoon
and continue every afternoon this
week at 4 o'clock in preparation for
the two conference openers with
U.C.L.A. in the Pavilion this Friday
and Satm-day.
