# Adv. 12 Page 7
## 
### 
but not required, contact Tom @
leftyhitter@sbcglobal.net or
209-380 8221
room Atherton $1150 c/ 3914666
Resume Help from Award-Winning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classified
Stanford retiree now booking
holiday house/pet sits. Reliable
reasonable, experienced 408
615-0852 pgardner@joimail.com
Participants Needed
Adults 21 and over needed for a
psychological study concerning
adult development. For more info
http://home.earthlink.net/
—curleystudy/
Steve Curley, MA
but not required, contact Tom @
leftyhitter@sbcglobal.net or
209-380 8221
room Atherton $1150 c/ 3914666
Resume Help from Award-Winning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classified
Stanford retiree now booking
holiday house/pet sits. Reliable
reasonable, experienced 408
615-0852 pgardner@joimail.com
Participants Needed
Adults 21 and over needed for a
psychological study concerning
adult development. For more info
http://home.earthlink.net/
—curleystudy/
Steve Curley, MA
but not required, contact Tom @
leftyhitter@sbcglobal.net or
209-380 8221
room Atherton $1150 c/ 3914666
Resume Help from Award-Winning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classified
Stanford retiree now booking
holiday house/pet sits. Reliable
reasonable, experienced 408
615-0852 pgardner@joimail.com
Participants Needed
Adults 21 and over needed for a
psychological study concerning
adult development. For more info
http://home.earthlink.net/
—curleystudy/
Steve Curley, MA
but not required, contact Tom @
leftyhitter@sbcglobal.net or
209-380 8221
room Atherton $1150 c/ 3914666
Resume Help from Award-Winning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classified
Stanford retiree now booking
holiday house/pet sits. Reliable
reasonable, experienced 408
615-0852 pgardner@joimail.com
Participants Needed
Adults 21 and over needed for a
psychological study concerning
adult development. For more info
http://home.earthlink.net/
—curleystudy/
Steve Curley, MA
but not required, contact Tom @
leftyhitter@sbcglobal.net or
209-380 8221
room Atherton $1150 c/ 3914666
Resume Help from Award-Winning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classified
Stanford retiree now booking
holiday house/pet sits. Reliable
reasonable, experienced 408
615-0852 pgardner@joimail.com
Participants Needed
Adults 21 and over needed for a
psychological study concerning
adult development. For more info
http://home.earthlink.net/
—curleystudy/
Steve Curley, MA
but not required, contact Tom @
leftyhitter@sbcglobal.net or
209-380 8221
room Atherton $1150 c/ 3914666
Resume Help from Award-Winning
Writer. Stanford discount: www.
shimmeringresumes.com/classified
Stanford retiree now booking
holiday house/pet sits. Reliable
reasonable, experienced 408
615-0852 pgardner@joimail.com
Participants Needed
Adults 21 and over needed for a
psychological study concerning
adult development. For more info
http://home.earthlink.net/
—curleystudy/
Steve Curley, MA
