# Gail Shinstrom Elected Union Residence Head
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
Union Residence announces the
election of new officers. They are:
president, Gail Shinstrom; vice
president, Betty Lou Sullivan; sec
retary, Bernice Hartley; treasurer,
Lila Spitzer; social chairman, Nan
cy Jones; chairman of the commit
tee of eight, Carolyn Neilson.
