# Basketball Tickets Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
Student tickets for Friday and
Saturday's games against UCLA
and Southern California, to be held
in the Stanford Pavilion, are avail
able at the athletic department to
day from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There is no charge for the UCLA
ticket, but tickets must be obtained
in advance. Tickets for the South
ern California game cost 50 cents.
Student body cards must be pre
sented when securing tickets for
games, but not more than two cards
may be presented by one student.
