# SKI SIGN-UPS TODAY
## 
### 
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
Sign-ups for 75 reservations this
weekend at Yosemite will open for
snow enthusiasts at 9 this morning
in the ASSU office.
An additional 75 reservations will
open in the afternoon for those who
are unable to sign up in the morn
ing.
