# SPRING SHOW SCRIPTS
## 
### 
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
Spring Show scripts are due by
March 1, according to Paul Baker,
dramatic manager. They should be
submitted to the dramatic manager's
office, room 13 of the Old Union.
Scenarios complete with music and
lyrics are desired.
