# REINHARDT WILL SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, associate
professor of German, will deliver
the commencement address at St.
Mary's College in Maraga next Sun
day. His subject will be "The De
parture of Man."

than that to wriggle a proposal out
of these Stanford MEN. Love is a
peculiar thing, but it takes more
than sex appeal to ensnare a man's
man. Truly it is a delicate proposi
tion; but if we fail, we will at any
rate have the advantage of a college
education to help us get jobs.
3449
