# Hawaiian Team Plumps For New Status
## 
### 
That Hawaii, despite its efficient j
territorial government, is not yet i
ready for statehood was the conten- I
tion last night of Debaters Wayne'
Richardson, Jim Reynolds, and Bill !
Kuzell, arguing the negative of the !
question, "Resolved, that the Terri
tory of Hawaii should be given im- I
mediate statehood" against a two- !
man team from the University of
Hawaii.
r
Frank Hustace and Robert North I
of the island team built up an af- j
firmative case contending that Ha
waii now has a thrifty and stable
government and is prepared and
qualified for statehood.

Hawaii, under its present form of
government, can be discriminated
against both economically and po
litically, the affirmative argued.

A still unsolved racial problem is
the main bar to immediate statehood,
the Stanford team held. Hawaii is
the spearhead of our Pacific naval
defense, Kuzell stated, and the pos-

sible danger of an oriental bloc con
trolling the islands in the event of a
war with Japan is sufficient reason
for retaining direct federal control.
