# Features, Fashions
## 
### 

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.

VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE is offered to Stanford women by this
committee which operates under the auspices of Women's Con
ference. Front row, left to right: Alice Robinson, Ellen Dorothy
Tutton, Ruth Neupert (chairman). Back row: Cynthia Coonley,
Maxine Moore, and Rebecca Stribling.
