# Finals Wednesday Evening.
## 
### 
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
Wednesday evening the final de
bates for the choice of teams to
meet California and Washington
will be held in the chapel, begin
ning at 7:30.
