# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to see in print a brief
answer to the student who signs
himself "Dumb Frosh," not because
ot any profundity in his remarks, but
because of the admirable humility of
his signature. The student in ques
tion professes to find some incon
sistency in the fact that one of my
sermons argued for youthful, while
another stressed the necessity of in
tellectual freedom.
I am at a loss to understand why
these are mutually exclusive quali
fies. The young person who has both
enthusiasm and intellectual vigor is
protected against the extreme of
sterile sophistication, on the one
hand, and from fanaticism on the
other. The good life is a condition
of tension in which the competing
claims of the emotions and of the
intellect keep the individual in a
healthy condition.
I trust readers of The Daily under
stood that the reference to Town
i:er)dites came from Mr. D. F. and not
from me.
D. Elton Trueblood
