# Adv. 69 Page 17
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Inktomi Is coming to the
Stanford Park Hotel
Inctomi Corporation will be con
ducting an informational session
at the Stanford Park Hotel on
March 17 from 6-9 p.m. in the Los
Altos Room. Come join us and
learn more about opportunities at
Inktomi!
Inktomi Corporation is a world
wide provider of high-perfor
mance network infrastructure
software. Our technology runs
prominent services, such as the
Hotßot search engine, and our
partners include companies from
the U.S., Japan and Australia We
are searching for outstanding,
enthusiastic, special people to
help us grow our company and
participate in the early develop
ment. We are seeking to fill posi
tions in Engineering, Marketing,
Sales, and Administration. All
positions are well-compensated
Please fax resumes to 510-883-
7399 attn: Amy Hanlon (call 510-
883-7300 to RSVP), or send by
email (ASCII text, a URL to your
online resume, PostScript, o» MS
Word are acceptable) to
iobs@inktomi.com
Film Productions, talent manage
ment. and intership available. Call
Creative Artists Management 800-
401-0545
Palo Alto home builder needs
part time help. Flex hrs. Mac &
misc.(home) office help needed A
chance to team. Call James Witt @
(415)494-2041
WORLD SAVINGS CUSTOMER
SERVICE ASSOCIATES. Strong
communications skills, like work
ing with people, cash handling
exp. pref., pt-time hrs ind. some
Sat. Openings throughout bay
area, call 408-443-8614 for appli
catiorVappt
Reliable upperclassman or grad
student needed as an Research
Assistant for social research pro
ject. Assistant needed to schedule
participants for a study Spring
quarter. $I(Vhr, approx. shr*\vk.
Contact kglasgow@leland or
jlaird@leland
Wanted: College
counselor/admissions officer full
time position. Great pay 463-
5533
Good natured, easy-to-work with
pregnant mother-to-be of triplets
on bedrest needs help mornings
and early afternoon with meals
and errands. Will pay up to
$15/ hr. Call for interview 324-
3744
