# Correction
## 
### 
In "Stanford explores ideas of
ethics and war in new series" (Oct.
26), The Daily incorrectly listed To
bias Wolff as the director of Stan
ford's creative writing program.
Eavan Boland is the program direc
tor. Wolff is an English professor.
In "Stanford explores ideas of
ethics and war in new series" (Oct.
26), The Daily incorrectly listed To
bias Wolff as the director of Stan
ford's creative writing program.
Eavan Boland is the program direc
tor. Wolff is an English professor.
In "Stanford explores ideas of
ethics and war in new series" (Oct.
26), The Daily incorrectly listed To
bias Wolff as the director of Stan
ford's creative writing program.
Eavan Boland is the program direc
tor. Wolff is an English professor.
In "Stanford explores ideas of
ethics and war in new series" (Oct.
26), The Daily incorrectly listed To
bias Wolff as the director of Stan
ford's creative writing program.
Eavan Boland is the program direc
tor. Wolff is an English professor.
In "Stanford explores ideas of
ethics and war in new series" (Oct.
26), The Daily incorrectly listed To
bias Wolff as the director of Stan
ford's creative writing program.
Eavan Boland is the program direc
tor. Wolff is an English professor.
In "Stanford explores ideas of
ethics and war in new series" (Oct.
26), The Daily incorrectly listed To
bias Wolff as the director of Stan
ford's creative writing program.
Eavan Boland is the program direc
tor. Wolff is an English professor.
