# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
Apples are washed in an apple
laundry before being marketed.
