# POETRY TO BE READ AT SUNDAY VESPERS
## 
### 
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
"Hills and Mountains" will be the j
central theme of the regular Sunday 1
afternoon vesper services January |
18, in the Y.W.C.A. rooms of the j
Women's Clubhouse. Vivian Olsen j
v/ill read original poetry.
Modern poetry pertaining to the j
general topic will be read, and j
Marion Williams will give several j
piano selections. Idamyrtle Klep- j
inger is in charge of the services i
for the week. All are invited to !
attend.
