# PROFESSOR SPEAKS
## 
### 
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the English
department will speak to the Chan- ,
ning Avenue Parent-Teacher Asso
ciation, Palo Alto, at 3:30 o'clock
! this afternoon.
