# CHAPPIE TRYOUTEES WILL MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
Candidates for positions on the
managerial staff of the Chaparral
will meet tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
the business office of Ihe magazine,
room 10 of the Journalism building.
According to Harold David, Chap
arral business manager, Ihere are
several positions open to sophomore
and freshman men, and all who are
interested arc urged to attend to
night's meeting. •
