# MALONEY PREPARES FENCING SQUAD FOR OLYMPIC CLUB MEET
## 
### 
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
With ten men working c.ut daily,
the work of molding a smooth
working and well-rounded varsity
fencing squad is rapidly going on
under the watchful eye of Head
Fencing Coach Harry Maloney.
The first taste of competition for
any of the men this year will take
place at the Olympic Club on Fri
day, January 30, when several of
the men plan to enter the foils con
test being held under the auspices
of the Amateur Fencers League of
America.
This meet is an open affair but
will give the men a chance to see
how they compare with some of the
better-known and experienced
swordsmen of the bay district.
Several members of the varsity
squad are planning to assist Head
Coach Harry Maloney in his effort
to reorganize Foils and Mask, and
to help instruct beginning fencers
in that club.
