# GEOLOGY AUDIENCE REVERES SMITH IN MEMORIAL SERVICE
## 
### 
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
A memorial meeting honoring the
late Dr. James Perrin Smith, emeri
tus professor of Paleontology, was
held yesterday afternoon and at
tended by students, faculty, and
alumni of the geology department.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder pre
sided at the service and Professors
H. G. Schenk and Simeon Muller
spoke on Dr. Smith's contributions
to the science of paleontology.
Professor A. F. Rogers gaVe a
short address on Smith's work in
mineralogy and petrography, com
menting particularly on his work
during the i»rly years of the Uni
versity.
Professor C. F. Tolman stressed
the late geologist's remarkable per
sonality and his willing advice that
he gave so generously to all stu
dents.
J. C. Ray, L. E. Wilson, Ward
Smith, J. D. H. Donnay, and Dr.
Solon Shedd delivered eulogies in
honor of Dr. Smith.
