# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
/
INDIANS*,
Well, here it is—end.
of term, end of Daily
for now, and, quite
naturally, end of this
friendly column for
the time being, until
Fall (we hope) brings
us all back together,
refreshed, revitalized
and ready for a crack
at another year. Note
to summer quarter
residents. Your local
R/A shop will be in
business as usual,
ready to outfit you
for all occasions.
That's it for now
hope you all have a
great summer.
roos/atkins
