# BILL AGENT HIT
## 
### 
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
DETROIT, Jan. 5. (/P)—Victor C.
Gagnon, 44, who punched a zealous
bill collector in the nose at 2 a.m.,
was acquitted on an assault and
battery charge by Judge Arthur E.
Gordon.
