# SOPH BALL MANAGERS MUST SIGN UP TODAY
## 
### 
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
Today is the last opportunity for
.sophomores to sign up for baseball
manager tryouts with Verne Brown,
senior manager.
Prospective candidates have until
3:30 o'clock this afternoon to file
their applications with Brown at his
desk in the B.A.C. offices. Active
managership will satisfy lower divi
sion physical education require
ments, and will give one unit of
credit to upper division men.
