# TRI DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
Delta Delta Delta announces the
pledging oi Dorthea Snively, '34.
