# Robleites Lay Plans For Semi-Formal
## 
### 
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
Plans for Ruble's semi-formal sup
per dance are under way. Com
mitee heads have been named and
Ernie Heckscher's orchestra will
play from 8 to 12 o'clock. Supper
will be served to about 150 couples
at 6:45 o'clock.
The committee chairmen are:
decorations, Betty Avery; bids, Ann
Hodge; entertainment, Lydia Wood;
chaperones, Sally Milhauser; food,
Ann Killefer; finances, Ruth Rey
nolds; and publicity, Pat Smith.
