# Untitled Article
## 
### 


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.


RETIRING FROM Ex Committee tonight arc Jack Caldcnvood. left,
junior man, and Jean Reynolds, right, sophomore woman. Also taking
leave of the Farm's legislative body is James McCormick, graduate
member, not pictured.
