# He's Off Again!
## 
### 

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.

IT'S SPRINTING like (his that ha*
made Pete Kmetovic one of the
best punt-returners on the Coast
—maybe in the nation. Watch for
him on the All-Coast lists next
month.
