# BUSINESS SHOWS GAIN
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—California business daring Octo
ber showed a slight gain over Sep
tember, it was revealed in the cur
rent Business Outlook, released to
day by Wells Fargo Bank and Union
Trust Co.
