# First Far East Evacuees Arrive
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19 (UP).
—Crowded beyond capacity with
American evacuees from the Orient,
the American President Liner Presi
dent Pierce arrived today with the
first shipload of refugees to reach
the mainland since the U. S. State
Department advised citizens to
leave China and Japan.
So crowded was the ship some of
the passengers had to sleep in pub
lic rooms. Three sittings were re
quired in the dining saloon for each
meal.
There were 80 children aboard,
including Herbert and Sarah Gold
ing, 10 and 8. respectively, whose
mother missed the boat at Honolulu
are going ashore With friends. The
two children were in charge of a
stewardess. Mrs. Golding, wife of
an American business man at Shang
hai, will rejoin her children when
she arrives Friday aboard the
President Coolidge.
Income from California citrus fruit
1 was 20 per cent higher this year.
