# OLIVER WORKS WEBFEET
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
EUGENE, Ore., Nov. 19 (UP).—
Coach Tex Oliver today worked his
University of Oregon gridders on
fundamentals on which the Webfeet
were weak at. crucial moments
against the California Bears last
week-end.
