# BRITISH SUBMARINE
## 
### 
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
LONDON, Nov. If) (UP). — Tin*
1,475-ton submarine Rainbow is
overdue and must, be considered
lost, the Admiralty reported tonighl
The submarine normally carried a
crew of 50 officers and men. It w.t.
built in 1932.
