# 1952 QUADS
## 
### 
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
Those who have not yet picked up
their 1952 Quads may do so at the
ASSU office above the Cellar any
day this week.
