# U.S. ENVOY TO VICHY DEFENDS SHIP DEAL
## 
### 
VICHY, Jan. 7 (UP). â€” Admiral
William E. Leahy, U. S. ambassador
to France, said today there can be
no minimizing of America's war
production effort in behalf of the
democracies. He sought to correct
the existing impression in Europe
that America traded off a lot of
scrap iron to Great Britain instead
of 50 serviceable destroyers.
The ambassador asserted that the
over-age destroyers delivered to the
British fleet in exchange for New
World air and naval bases still have
"a lot of good fight left in them."
This was his first statement to
American newspaper correspondents
upon his arrival.
Leahy will make no formal speech
in handing over his credentials and
a personal letter from President
Roosevelt to Marshal Henri Philippe
Petain at noon Wednesday at Se
vigne Palace.
Leahy denied that he is on any
mission to ask France for American
naval or air bases at Martinique or
any other French possession in the
American hemisphere. He asserted
that as far as he knew the United
States thus far has not asked France
for such privileges.
