# Mural Matches To Start Monday
## 
### 
Sign-up sheets for this quarter's t
basketball and handball tournaments
have been posted and all teams must
complete signing up by Friday af- j
ternoon, announced Intramural !
Manager Bert Pike yesterday. Bas- I
ketball play will start Monday night
after schedules have been made up
and announced.
Horseshoe and golf matches re
maining from last quarter must be
played off immediately, in order that
champions in each sport may be de
termined.
The championship volley-ball
match between the Dekes and Ihe :
Alpha Delts during the last week of
fall quarter was postponed due to !
the ill ness of the entire Deke team
and will be played oil Thursday
night.
A Santa Rosa High School boy
collected more than $1,500 in live
stock prize money during 1940. '
