# British Chief Lauds American Airplanes
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
LONDON, Jan. 7 (UP). —Four
types of American planes are being
used by the Royal Air Force with
"most valuable results," Air Mar
shal Sir Hugh Dowding, chief of
Britain's Home Defense Air Corps,
said today.
Sir Hugh listed the planes in use
as Lockheed Hudson medium bomb
ers, Glenn Martin bombers, Curtiss
pursuits and Douglas DV-7 bombers.
