# Adv. 37 Page 6
## 
### 
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
■TTTTTTTTTTxIIIIITTTi
GRAND OPENING
The
SOUP SHOP
(at The Transition)
Homemade Soups
Stews
Deli Salads
Juices, Milk, Soft Drinks
11 am - 7:30 pm daily
trcsidder
union
