# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
Koos Knows the Campus
FELLOWS
The Roos Stanford Shop
in Encina Hall is your
cJotbing headquarters.
Come in and get
acquainted
Johnny Moltrjm, '35
Frank Alustiza, '36
Koo4 BTO6
Encina Shop
Open Evenings Till 8:00
