# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
Sommer &
Koufmonn
83 8 MARKET ST.
119 GRANT AVE.
Here's the
"BYRD"
One cf our famous
"Crosby Squares''
6r 5 °
It's an adventurous shoe
that could travel to far
p lac e s fearlessly. The
heavy imported Scotch
grained leather . . . the
thick, waterproofed
soles make it as British
as the Prince of Wales
... as dauniless as Ad
miral Byrd.
