# Religious Group Tells Fall Discussion Topic
## 
### 
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
The Sunday school class for Uni
versity students announces the fol
lowing topic for discussion during
the fall quarter: "The Meaning and
Secret of the Life and Teachings of
Jesus." O. H. Blackman, assisted by
Professor and Mrs. Rathbun of Stan
ford, will lead the Wesley Founda
tion group in their meetings- held
each Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
in the "Wesley Room" at the First
Methodist Church in Palo Alto.
