# HARVARD COACH AND GRID CAPTAIN
## 
### 

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)

Locating all the parts, oiling them up and getting the Crimson foot
ball machine in operation for the 1934 season is the problem under
discussion between Coach Eddie Casey (left) and Hermann Gundlach,
Jr., Harvard captain and veteran guard. (Associated Press Photo)
