# RFC to Pay Depositors Of 400 Closed Banks
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4 (IP).—Jesse
Jones, chairman of the Reconstruc
tion Finance Corporation, told news
papermen today the corporation had
almost completed a plan to wind up
the receivership of about 400 small
National Banks by lending on assets
and thus make possible a pay-off
to depositors of about $6,000,000.
The plan might be extended later,
Jones said, to closed state banks.
Extension, he said, depended upon
state banking commissions.
