# Comingâ€”Monday
## 
### 
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
Monday morning, over toast and coffee, the
campus is olTcred for interesting reading/ the
first of a series of ten personal, vibrant ar
ticles concerning ten of America's most prom
inent men.
'I'hey are from the pen of Bob .Jones, itiner
ant Uaii.y night editor who spent several
weeks this year seeing people and places, drop
ping in on the "bigger shots" for a friendly
chat, an occasional interview.
To start it oil', the Daily oilers F.D.H., man
of the hour, as Mob Jones saw him in Wash
ington.
