# 60 HOOP MEN SIGH: WORK OUT MONDAY
## 
### 
Nearly 60 varsity basketball can
didates will take the floor for the
first time Monday afternoon at 'J
o'clock to begin practice for what
promises to be one of the most suc
cessful seasons in Cardinal hoop his
tory.
Three weeks of fundamental drill
will be in store for the three score
cage aspirants and then Assistant
Coach Chuck Glasgow will divide
his men into teams for their initial
squad drill of the year.
When the frosh football season
comes to a close, releasing Coach
John Bunn from his grid duties, the
hoop men are due for a period of
extensive scrimmage practice under
his able leadership.
Basketball fans and coaches were
given an early season treat Wednes
day evening when Chuck Taylor of
Indiana, master of masters when it
comes to hoop play, exhibited his
talent on the Stanford courts. One
hundred fifty spectators, principally
coaches and players of peninsular
schools, were in the stands. Taylor
was assisted by Russ Sweet's Menlo
Junior College quinte't, which is al
ready in shape for the coming sea
son of play.
Chuck Taylor has a long record of
basketball experience. Graduated
from high school during the time of
the war, he was a member of the
quintet which won the Indiana State
Tourney. He then began a long tour
as a professional and since that time
has demonstrated his dexterity to
thousands of fans throughout the
country.
