# SECOND-HAND CARS HEAD PARIS SALES
## 
### 
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
PARIS, Oct. 5 (/P).—The abolish
ment of yearly horsepower fees on
foreign cars has led to a sharp in
crease in sales of second-hand
American cars, an Associated Press
dispatch said today.
Under the old automobile license
law, cars paid accordinig to horse
power rating. The high rating of
American cars under this system
!ield the demand down to a few.
Now the yearly fees have been
abolished, so if the owner cannot
at the moment afford to buy gaso
line—averaging 55 cents a gallon—
he may leave his car in the garage
until the wolf leaves the door.
New American cars have not
shared in the boom because import
duties still keep them above the
ordiinary buyer's pocketj3ook.
