# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
See P-T s
i
Wonderful New Assort
ment of Short Sleeved
Sport Shirts
Stripes, solids, fancics
from $5.00
Phelps
TerHel
210 UNIVERSITY AVE.
