# $15 MILLION SUIT
## 
### 
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
The United States Government
filed suit against ihe University
on May 26, 1894, for the sum of
$15 million.
