# Civil Service Test Blanks Available
## 
### 
U. S. Civil Ser'ice Commission
is accepting applications for the
next Federal Service Entrance
Examination, which will be given
0:1 May 5.
The examination offers oppor
tunities in the Federal career to
college graduates in all fields of
study and also to persons without
college degrees who have qualify
ing experience. Entrance-level po
sitions are determined by the ex
amination.
Offers of appointment are now
being made to college senior and
graduate students. The appoint
ments are to positions in Federal
agencies in California and .Nevada
as well as Washington, D. C., in a
wide variety of fields.
Applications must be received
in the Commission's office in San
Francisco by April 19 for the May
5 test. Further information and
application forms may be obtained
at the Stanford Placement Serv
ice.
