# Harvey Knox, Boxing Second, Has License Suspended by Commission
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
LOS ANGELES, April 4 (UP) —
The State Athletic Commission
today suspended the second's li
cense of Harvey Knox, stepfather
of UCLA football star Ronnie
Knox, for punching a sports
writer.
The suspension is for an indefi
nite period.
Knox, who did not attend the
commission hearing, was accused
of hitting sports writer Bud Fu

rillo of the Los Angeles Evening
Herald • Express in a Hollywood
Legion Stadium dressing ro o m
last March 27. The incident oc
curred after a bout between wel
terweight Art Aragon and Danny
Giovanelli.
Knox was making his first ap
pearance as Aragon's second.
Commission Chairman Norman
Houston said Knox had been ask
ed to attend the meeting.
