# Pros Card Low Scores at Augusta
## 
### 
AUGUSTA, Ga., April 4 (UP)—
High winds and a hot sun put
tricky finishing touches on the
Augusta National Golf Course to
day but failed to stop a flurry of
sub-par practice rounds on the eve
of the 20th Masters Tournament.
Sam Snead, a strong favorite,
carded a 71 for his second straight
sub-par round, but the best score
today was a 68 by chunky Johnny
Palmer of Tulsa, Okla., a veteran
campaigner who reeled off seven
birdies. Jack Burke Jr. had a 69
and Mike Souchak of Grossinger,
N. Y., a 71. Par is 72 on the Mas
ters layout.
The quick-drying change in the
weather means the course will
play faster than expected—a situ
ation the Masters-wise veterans
view with mix e d feelings. It:
means the pins will be set more
favorably but the balls will do
more tricks on the wide, tumbling
greens.
Neither of two other strong fa
vorites, Ben Hogan and Cary Mid
dlecoff, played a complete round
today. But Middlecoff reported he
played even through seven holes
and seemed to have found his putt
ing touch. Hogan played 14 and
said he was "satisfied" with his
»ame.
