# Adv. 26 Page 10
## 
### 
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
112 #7DTAL 1
HEALTH
For Women Students
Staffed by personal care
practitioners, the Women's
Health Care Center offers
personal care . . . longer
appointments, education, and
time to talk about your
concerns.
Call 497-4843 for information
and appointments.
» WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE CENTER
Cowell Student Health Center
