# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

Although classes will be in
session Monday, The Daily will
not be printed because of
Easter Sunday and Curt's
birthday. The Daily
will return Tuesday.

