# Junior Class Women Plan Big Game Lunch
## 
### 
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
All junior class women are in
vited to do their part to celebrate
Big Came by gathering today in the
downstairs portion of the Women's
Clubhouse for an informal luncheon.
Tables will be set up for those wish
ing to play bridge afterward. The
luncheon will begin at 12:15 o'clock,
and tickets may be purchased at any
of the living groups or at the door.
