# Farm Alumni Plan Big Game Parties
## 
### 
To recapture something of the Big
Game spirit which stirred them in
former years, Stanford's alumni all
over the country will gather in their
respective cities on the day of the
Cal game and celebrate the return
of t.he Axe.
Festivities have been planned in
some 50 cities from Now York to
San Francisco. In some cases Stan
ford graduates are meeting with Cal
alumni; in others the revels will bo
strictly Cardinal.
Arrangements have been made in
almost all cases for the alunuai to
listen to the game via radio, after
which plans in almost each cose in
clude dinner and dancing. Some of
the larger cities which have alumni
participating in the celebration in
clude New York, Philadelphia, Bos
ton, San Francisco, and Memphis.
