# Quad.
## 
### 
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
T. R. Cadwalader, ex-'O9, arrived on
the campus this morning to spend a
week. Cadwalader is a former Varsity
football and baseball player and was
baseball captain-elect for last season.
