# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
Knit your
own Sweater
to match a
Bemafrspurs Shirt
Wide variety of colors
and yarns to match
Expert free instruction
®
*
HANDICRAFT
CENTER
448 UNIVERSITY
