# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
'' '
We take pride in be
ing known as type
writer headquarters
for Stanford students.
Whatever your needs
in connection with
typing, our large
r .tock, courteous serv
ice and low prices will
combine to give you
real satisfaction!
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
0. E. P.OSENBERRY
317 University P A. 23114
