# Interclass Soccer Games Set Today
## 
### 
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
Two soccer games will be played
today at the soccer fields at 4
o'clock. The games are between the
frosh and the seniors, and the
sophomores and the juniors.
Captaining the frosh team is Ned
Pugh; Bill Edwards and Bill Ham
ilton are co-captains of the sopho
more team; George Chalmers is
captain of the juniors; and Dave
Sloane of the seniors.
