# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## WALT PETERSON, Sports Editor Gabby Tries 13 to Boost the Browns 
### 

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.

TAKING OVER the iob as manager of the St. Louis Browns of the
American League, this year. Gabby Street, formerly of the Missions,
choo es "13" as his number to pull his ball team out of its low standing.
