# Poloists To Play Black Fox Squad
## 
### 
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
Captain H. Y. Grubbs' third string,
A squad, Card polo team rides onto
the highway field this afternoon at
three o'clock for its first outside
competition to meet the Black Fox
Military Institute squad. The prep
team, coached by Captain Pilking-
Um, is attempting to wind up a suc
cessful season, having defeated the
U.S.C. frosh squad.
The Indian starting lineup will
consist of Lewis Metzger, No. 1;
Walter Sullivan, No. 2; Winton Close
(c). No. 3; Bob Lam born, No. 4; and
Bob Elkus and Neil Schultz as alter
nates. With the exception of Close
and Lamborn this town is composed
entirely of Juniors. Admission to
this match is free to the public.
