# SCHOLARSHIPS TO BE AWARDED THIS SPRING
## 
### 
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-
29, except those reserved for entering
students, will be awarded during the
spring quarter. Applications should be
filed at the office of the Committee on
Scholarship before April 1 for graduate,
and April 15 for undergraduate scholar
ships. Candidates for 1927-28, including
present holders of scholarships who wish
to apply for renewals, should file new
applications at this time.
