# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Junior opera is over, and we en
joyed the performance, but we are
convinced that too short a time for
the presentation was allowed the
coaches, committee, cast and chorus.
The committee was appointed a scant
six weeks before the date scheduled
for the production, and thus haste was
essential both in the choosing of an
opera and in the training of the par
ticipants. Very few scores and li
brettos submitted by amateurs are
practicable for presentation without
some revision along one line or anoth
er, but the 1911 committee had no time
to spare. The more professional
operas read and played, the more
chance for the selection of a thorough
ly acceptable one; but still the com
mittee had 110 time to spare and was
forced to adopt the first opera which
was apparently suitable. The train
ing of amateurs for both cast and
chorus is tiring 011 coach and pupil
alike; yet incessant work was a neces
sity.
There exists 110 reason whatsoever
for the late appointment of the direct
ors of the production, and we advise
1912 to benefit by the experience of
1911. The Junior opera committee
should be selected before the closing of
the first semester.
