# FORMER GRID HEROES 'HIT THE LINE' FOR HOOVER
## 
### 

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)

Four football aces of other days offered President Hoover their active aid in the political campaign.
Albie Booth, Yale's former "little boy Blue" called "signals" for the team, saying: "The young people
of tne country are all behind you, Mr. President." Left to right: Booth, "Red" Cagle, former Army
fullback: Hoover, Eddie Mays, once a star back for Harvard, and "Shipwreck" Kel'y, who carried the
ball for the University of Kentucky. (Associated Press Photo)
