# Sweesy Wins Batting Trophy.
## 
### 
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
T. K. Svvcesy, captain of this year's
varsity baseball team at the Univer
sity of California, has been awarded
the Roos batting trophy, offered for
the man whose average was highest
through the season. Sweesy batted
•350-
