# Quad Visitors Name Europe, Britain as Home
## 
### 
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
Western Europe and the United i
Kingdom accounted for the larg-1
est number of visitors to thej
Stanford campus during 1960-61, |
the annual report of the Office of I
Foreign Visitors discloses.
Of the 611 men and women
from 82 countries who spent
from one to three days visiting j
faculty, administrators and stu
dents, the second largest group I
came from the 10 nations of!
South America, the report show-i
ed.
About one-third of the visitors |
were educators, engaged in either
administration, teaching, or re
search. Majority of the remain
der came from the fields of gov
ernment, communications, busi
ness and tiie arts.

, That foundations and private
organizations are participating
more in the bringing of foreign
scholars to the United States was
shown by the fact that visitors
referred by these organizations i
increased by nearly one-third.
Conversely, State Department
participation, which formerly ac
counted for about 60 per cent of
the referrals, dropped to about 48
per cent, the report showed.
Both American and foreign
students increased their partici
pation in the foreign visitor pro
gram, especially those who work
ed on the African and Latin
American dasks of the Institute
of International Relations.
“These personal contacts were
extremely stimulating to the stu
dents, whose inthusiasm and in
telligent interest were often a
revelation to Ihe visitors,’’ the
report noted.
