# Soviet Medicine To Be Discussed
## 
### 
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
Dr. Philip R, Lee, of the Stan
ford Medical School, will speak
on “Observations on the Soviet
Union,” Thursday, March 8 at 8
p.m. in Room 268. Engineering
Corner.
Dr. Leo's discussion sponsored
by Sigma Phi Sigma, will include
medical, educational and psycho
social aspects of the present-day
Soviet Union, observed while a
member of a recent ecology mis
sion to the Soviet Union as a part
of an official exchange agreement
under the auspices of the State
Department.
He is a member of the Depart
ment of Internal Medicine at the
Palo Alto Medical Clinic and is
the author, with Paul Dudley
White, H. A. Rusk and Bryan
Williams, of two books on cardi
ovascular disease.
