# FRENCH DENY UNITED STATES INTERFERENCE IN SITUATION
## 
### (By United Press 
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
PARIS, Jan." 10. —The French foreign
office has denied reports from Wash
ington that the United States had pro
tested in any manner against seizure j
of the Ruhr. It denied that Secretary
Hughes' plan for an international com
mission to consider reparations ever
had been submitted to France in any
way.
