# Mining Experiences Will Be Told by Graduates
## 
### 
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
T. D. Radcliffe and H. Peterson,
graduate students in Geology will
speak to the Geology and Mining So
ciety Thursday evening at the Kappa
Sigma House. Itadeliffe was engaged
for several months in mining work in
Alabama and his topic will be "Iron
Mines of Alabama." Peterson will
speak on "Coal Deposits of Utah," a
field with which he has been intimate
ly connected for some time.
