# IN OTHER UNIVERSITIES
## HAWLEY MADE HEAD COACH OF DARTMOUTH FOOTBALL TEAM 
### 
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
Dartmouth College Athletic Council
has announced the appointment of
Jesse B. Hawley, '09, of Chicago, as
head of the Green football coaching
staff for 1923. Hawley will succeed
Jackson L. Cannell, '19, who coached
the Dartmouth team for the past two
seasons.
Hawley, after graduating from Dart
mouth, coached at Phillips Andover
Academy and at the University of
lowa. He acted as assistant to Coach
Spears at Dartmouth in 1919 and also
helped Coach Roper at Princeton in
1920.
The football schedule Hawley will
have to meet is nearly the same as
last year's. As arranged it is: Norwich
University at Hanover, September 29;
University of Maine at Hanover, Octo
ber 13; Vermont University at Bur
lington, October 20; Harvard Univer
sity at Cambridge, October 27; Cor-,
nell University at Hanover, November
3; Brown University at Providence,
November 10; November 17, open;
Columbia University at Polo Grounds
of Yankee Stadium, November 24 or
29.
