# LASSU
## Votes Tonight On Music, ICC 
### 
The final vote -approving the
Stanford Folk Music Club as a
campus organization will ho
passed tonight at the LASSU
meeting to he held at Bowman at
7:1.1 p.m.
The Ram's Head dispute, in
which a member of ihc L.A. road
show hired professional musi
cians, will ho decided.
Other new business includes a
proposal to raise foreign stu
dents' book allowance as well as
a by-laws addition to the ICC Ju
dicial Council.
Reports will be submitted by
Rally Com, Cardinals and the
Fundamental Standard Commis
sion.
Foreign scholar Hannalorc Rad*
dies will speak at the meeting, to
bo held at Bowman Alumni House
at 7:15 p.m.
