# 'I' Club Diary
## 
### Alan Rothwell 
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
(A new weekly feature in
The Daily each Thursday, re
porting the activities and news
of foreign students at Stan
ford.)

The recently returned Stuttgart
exchange students will be guests
of honor at the special "Gorman
Evening" coffee hour on Friday.
German coffee and pastries will
be served, and music and displays
under the direction of the Ger
man exchange students will be
added attractions.
For the more serious-minded,
the topic of the International
Panel on Friday will he"The
Population Growth of Southeast
Asia." Students from India, Paki
stan and Japan have been invited
to speak.
Foreign students have been in
vited to an open house Fireside
Evening at Roble Hall. All those
> who have asked to meet, more
American girls — this is your
chance. It is hoped lo arrange
more informal parties of this
kind with living groups and fra
ternities in the near future.
The recent ski weekend at the
Sugar Bowl proved to be very
successful. More than 50 Stan
ford students took part, and al
though the snow conditions were
not ideal, there was plenty of
opportunity for some good skiing.
There were no broken bones, but
a number of students were no
ticed to be very uncomfortable
traveling home.
Calendar for the week:
Friday:
Coffee Hour, 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
International Panel, 7:45 p.m.,
"I" Center.
Saturday:
Fireside Evening, 8-12 p.m., "I"
Center.
Sunday:
Nationality Dinner, at the"I"
Center.
Roble Hall open house Fireside,
7-9:30 p.m.
