# Opportunities In Geology
## 
### 
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
According to the latest survey,
career opportunities in Geology,
particularly in the petroleum in
"dustry, are increasing. Shortages
of geologists are already evident
and it is expected that supply will
not catch up with demand for at
least ten years.
Employment in the petroleum
industry, however, is becoming in
creasingly selective, with th e
greatest demand for those with
Master's degrees and with a de
clining demand for those holding
only Bachelor's degrees.
With fewer geologists at t 1) e
lowest training level being taken
into industry, and with increasing
conservatism being displayed by
companies in employment prac
tices, job security should become
less of a problem. Ph.D.'s have
always consituted the smallest
group in the oil industry, but the
demand for students at this level
is on the upswing.
Employment practices in th e
mining industry are essentially
similar to those in the petroleum
industry and the outlook for the
future is similarly favorable.
Federal and state agencies still
seem to prefer young geologists
about evenly divided between
Bachelor's, Master's and Ph.D.
levels. Demand in the teaching
profession, particularly at the
high-ranking colleges and univer
sities, is still largely at ihe Ph.D.
level.
