# Untitled Article
## 
### 

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.

RESEARCH CENTFR—This is a portion of the moon-shaped, 67,000-
square-foot building given to Stanford by General Telephone and

Electronics Laboratory. University officials are pondering uses for
the structure.
