# NAME HARVARD COACH
## 
### 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Jan. 6 (/P).—
Richard C. (Dick) Harlow, head
football coach at Western Maryland
since 1926, today was appointed head
football coach at Harvard to succeed
s Eddie Casey.
