# GOLD PRODUCTION HEAVY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6 (#>).—'The
feverish search for gold in 1934,
which saw ghost towns of the West
come to life, hoisted production in
the United States and its possessions
to $107,631,700 worth of the precious
metal—a record so far as value was
concerned.
