# Mexicans Go on Wagon As Liquor Taxes Mount
## 
### 
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
MEXICO, D.F., Jan. 6
termined to make drinking too ex
pensive for the working classes and
a costly luxury for the rest of Mex
ico, President Lazaro Cardenas pro
ceeded today with a general cam
paign against the use of alcohol by
decreeing higher taxes on the con
sumption, sale and import of alco
holic beverages.
Although he has plainly expressed
11is opinion that drinking is harm
ful, the president has given no indi
cation he has in mind undertaking
any prohibition experiment similar
to the eighteenth amendment or at
tempting to dry up Mexico com
pletely by legislative measures.
