# WORLD GROUP MEETS
## 
### 
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
Meeting as usual, the International
Table will hold its weekly Monday
luncheon in the Union Alcove today
at 12:lf> o'clock. No restriction is
placed upon attendance, and all stu
dents interested are welcome.
