# College Notes.
## 
### 
For every victory won, the Univer
sity of Illinois perpetuates the event
with a memento of some description.
The sophomores of the University of
Utah won the flag rush this year from
the freshmen for the first time in
years.
Michigan is offering a six year
course in Conservation of Resources.
University of Missouri freshmen are
compelled by the second-year men to
carry suit cases for upperclassmen
and sophomores.
Michigan offers $100 for the best
bleacher song submitted this year.
At the University of Minnesota the
yell leaders are called rooter kings.
Engineering students at Minnesota
are constructing an elevated railroad
three miles long.
Over one thousand season football
tickets were disposed o; the first
morning they were put on sale at
Minnesota.
