# Good Sales are Reported.
## 
### 
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
About four hundred dollars worth of
tickets for the "Mikado" have been
sold in Palo Alto, and another sale of
four hundred dollars is reported from
the Bookstore. These include most of
the dollar and balcony seats. A few
desirable seats are still left in the
seventy-five and fifty cent section.
