# Girls to Make and Sell Cakes.
## 
### 
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
The finance committee of the
Young Women's Christian Associ
ation has planned an "afternoon"
for the purpose of replenishing its
general fund, and announces a
"home-made cake sale," to be held
at the Inn, Friday afternoon, Feb
ruary 3d, from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Aside from a variety of cakes which
will be on sale, the committee has
arranged to serve ice cream and
cake during the afternoon. During
the sale there will be music, fur
nished by members of the Univer
sity Band.
