# "Ax Rally" at California.
## 
### 
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
The annual "Ax Rally" was held
yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia oval. The famous ax was
brought from its hiding place by
Overall, the former custodian, and
transferred to the keeping of the
new custodian, Heitmuller, varsity
right tackle and center-field on the
baseball team. After speeches and
a general jollification Heitmuller
took the ax to the hiding place
where it will remain for another
year.
