# Tomfoolery?
## 
### 
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
For one week only, the Nitery is turned into the site of a trav
eling minstrel show performed by a troupe of African-American
minstrels touring the United States in 1895. This Drama De
partment show, entitled "The Little Tommy Parker Celebrated
Colored Minstrel Show," explores the racial dynamics of Hanni
bal, Mo. Performances are scheduled for Dec. 1-5, Wednesday
through Saturday. Tickets are $9 for the general public and $5
for students and senior citizens, and are available at the Tresid
der Ticket Office or at the door.


Courtesy of the Drama Department
