# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
< Spring,
,l£p|
vacation?
- #•' ■
;V v -'
MADEMOISELLE
%
I
tells you what to wear
where to buy it.
See Marf^Mademoiselle,
on newsstands today
New
SADDLES and WHITE BUCKS
for
SPRING QUARTER
5 H O E/ S
317 University Ave.
