# Scholarship Com Holds Interviews
## 
### 
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
Students interested in being co
chairmen of next year's Foreign
Scholarship Committee may try out
this afternoon from 3 to 5 n the
ASSU Excom room.
No previous experience is neces
sary for the positions, said Phil
Niel.ien, present chairman of the
committee.
