# Rides Home Box Located in Libe
## 
### 
Students who want a ride home
Easter vacation, or car owners look
ing for riders, may now take ad
vantage of the Alpha Phi Omega
vacation rides box in the lobby of
the Main Library, Bill Sanson, A
Phi O projects chairman, announced
yesterday.
The box is set up by the national
service fraternity to give car own
ers and riders a common medium to
get together. Interested students
may fill out the blanks at the box
and put them in the slot corre
sponding to their destination.
After leaving his name in the
rides box, Sanson urged that the
student check the box regularly;
and if his ride or rider signs the
slip, he should take his slip out of
the box.
Students who live off campus and
want either a ride or rider to com
mute to school next quarter should
sign the Alpha Phi Omega off-cam
pus commuters' file on Registration
day, Sanson said. An A Phi O booth
will be set up for that purpose in
front of the Pavilion.
