# Final Econ Lecture
## 
### 
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
Professor Edward S. Shaw will
conclude the Department of Eco
nomics series of lectures on mobili
zation today at 4:15 in Room 214.
