# List of Women Sponsors Will Be Announced Soon
## 
### 
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
Jeanne Millard, president of the
A.W.S., will announce final appoint
ments of women sponsors with the
completion of conferences now under
way to determine living quarters and
division of sponsors among the
women's dormitories and halls.
