# Rally Committee Elect Chairman on Wednesday
## 
### 
Election of a new Rally Commit
tee chairman has been postponed un
til 5 o'clock Wednesday when the
passage of the new charter by the
Executive Committee is expected to
have taken place.
A meeting of the committee was
held for chat purpose yesterday aft
ernoon but as no action had been
taken on the proposed charter for
new activities organizations by the
Executive Committee, no election
was forthcoming.
If the new plan is included in the
by-laws of the Constitution, three
groups will take over the responsi
bilities now imposed upon the pi*es
ent Rally Committee. The new or
ganizations will be the Stanford
Cardinals who will organize all cam
pus activities; the Rally Committee
will act under the direction of the
Cardinals, as will the Women's Ac
tivities Committee.
