# STANFORD RANKED FIRST IN SURVEY OF GRAD SCHOOLS
## 
### 
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
Twenty-three of Stanford's gradu
ate schools of instruction were
ranked first among the graduate
schools of study in universities of
the United States. This was revealed
in a newly-published study by Ray
mond M. Hughes, chairman of the
Committee on Graduate Instruction
of the American Council of Educa
tion of Washington, D.C., which ap
pears in "Educational Record."
The Committee on Graduate In
struction chose 100 well-known
scholars distributed , among the va
rious branches of learning, who se
lected the best American graduate
schools in 35 fields of knowledge.
Placing in 23 of the 35 fields gives
Stanford's graduate schools 65 per
cent superiority in this study. Four
of the 23 graduate schools were as
terisked, indicating an outstanding
reputation.
Criteria for selection included such
points as number of doctorates
granted, number of graduate courses
offered, place and function of the
Master's degree, and facilities.
Nineteen Stanford graduate schools
receiving a superior rating were:
Aeronautical Engineering, Bacteri
ology, Botony, Classics, Economics,
Electrical Engineering, English, En
tomology, German, History, Mathe
matics, Mechanical Engineering,
Mining and Metallurgical Engineer
ing, Philosophy, Physics, Plant Phy
siology, Political Science, Romance
Languages, and Zoology. The four
graduate schools at Stanford to re
ceive outstanding recognition were
the Departments of Chemistry, Edu
cation, Geology, and Psychology.
