# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
| And to complete the
■
i
■
■
■
i
m
■
■
l
■
■
■
%
t
proper impression—
with that new R/A
sportcoat you bought
yesterday—a pair or
two of wool worsted
flannel slacks, with
plain or neat pleat
front. Long-wearing
staples from our regu
lar stock. Modestly
priced during R/A’s
AFTER EASTER SALE
at a mere $14.00
the pr. Why not
Super Charge a
couple? It's easy.
roos/atkins
