# Adv. 39 Page 13
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Occasional babysitting needed
for family in Atherton. Flexible
hours incl. evenings & weekends
Own trans. Jenn 323-3043
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650--233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateav.com.
Sitter needed for 4yr old girl.
Mon-Fri/AM hours (650) 938-3333
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Hey, we have Quark 5! The paper
looks exactly the same! Yeah!
Adobe Photoshop 7 isn't so hot, ether.
DONORS WANTED
JAPANESE EGG DONORS NEEDED!!!
$$$ Excellent Compensation $$$
Chidless couple in search for
anintelligent reliable woman
between the ages of 19-28 to
assist them in their dream for
a child. For more info, please
call our office. Privacy is
Guaranteed 858-577-0358
LYIYAYIWiiIX'-J •ICUUM •Hl'ilHWJril
