# FIGHTS TOMORROW NIGHT WILL DECIDE NOVICE CHAMPIONS
## 
### 
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
Twelve of the fourteen finalists
which will be entered in the novice
boxing championship fights to be held
tomorrow night at 7:45 o'clock in the
pavilion were selected at the elimina
tion bouts Friday and Saturday. Keerl
will fight Cowan, and Zieber meets
Farewell this afternoon. The winners
of these two bouts will complete to
morrow's entry list.
The last bout Friday between Lloyd
and Stevenson was one of the best
fouglit during the past week. This
fight went into the fourth round when
the judges were unable to reach a
decision after the first three rounds.
Stevenson took the bout with a
knock-out.
Lloyd, for his third round in the
elimination tryouts, had met Cramer
shortly after the matches started Fri
day afternoon and later expressed the
desire to go on with his fourth bout
the same afternoon. Stevenson will
meet the winner of the Keerl-Cowan
battle for the championship. Cowan
won a decision from Gee in a close
battle Friday.
O'Sullivan, who defeated Smalling,
fullback on the 1929 football eleven,
and Hazeltine will be the two entries
in the heavyweight decision.
Mustain continued his progress to
wards light-heavyweight honors by
eliminating Spinks. Dorman whipped
Slater in the other semi-final bout of
this division.
Results of the elimination matches
Friday and Saturday were: Feather
weight: Burgess defeated Staub, Mc-
Call defeated Rees.
Lightweight: Goldwater defeated
Peirce, Raaf defeated Trainor, Howell
defeated Spring (default), Raaf de
feated Howell.
Welterweight: Lloyd defeated Cra
mer, Cowan defeated Gee, Stevenson
defeated Lloyd.
Middleweight: Brunner defeated
Goodlow, Farewell defeated Wise.
Light-heavyweight: Mustain defeat
ed Spinks, Dorman defeated Slater.
Heavyweight: O'Sullivan defeated
Smalling.
