# NOTICE
## 
### 
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
Tennis matches 5, 6, 7, and 8, sche
duled for last Thursday, will be played
off tomorrow, while matches 9, 10, 11,
and 12, originally scheduled for last
Saturday, will be played off next
Thursday.
