# WOMEN'S QUALIFYING GOLF PLAY DAY SET
## 
### 
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
That scores for the qualifying
round of nine holes of the women's
golf tournament must be turned in
by a week from next Thursday whs
decided at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon. The preliminary circuit
should be played with another en
trant if possible.
So far 13 women have signed up,
but anyone desiring to enter may
still do so by signing on the list
posted in the locker room of the
women's gymnasium.
