# INEFFICIENCY GUARANTEED.
## 
### 
If repeated bungling is really the best way to gain pub
licity, Pan-Hellenic may compliment itself on having car
ried on a successful campaign of advertising. The question
of choosing its president has been raised four times, and
now, after three failures, one luts finally been elected,
perhaps because campus interest could be sustained no
longer.
Pan-Hellenic thought it could be a strung body merely
by initiating an electoral system. Hut it lakes more than
that. Some member, if not the president, should have had
spirit and intelligence enough to call a meeting and con
duct the election in a dignified way, instead of permitting
the present fiasco.
More than anything eljse, Pan-Hellenic .needs a consti
tution and by-laws thai are workable. At present, it pos
sesses some live or six disconnected documents, being noth
ing more than unrelated sets of rules. Probably not one
member knows where to look for regulations regarding
particular situations. It is obvious that a practical election
system is not on record. Il was made clear last fall Hint
the houses did not know the rules governing bidding.
Certainly no one would like to see this performance
repeated. W hat Pan-Hellenic members need is to get to
gether and talk things over this quarter's election (or
elections) is but a small manifestation of their present in
ability to cope with any problem which may confront them.
