# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The intercollegiate preliminaries
take place in the chapel Saturday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The ca
pacity of the chapel is four hun
dred and fifty or more. It is, per
haps, too much to expect that the
chapel be crowded, but as many as
possible should be out to encourage
the candidates and to lend them
the stimulus of an appreciative au
dience.
The intercollegiate preliminaries
take place in the chapel Saturday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The ca
pacity of the chapel is four hun
dred and fifty or more. It is, per
haps, too much to expect that the
chapel be crowded, but as many as
possible should be out to encourage
the candidates and to lend them
the stimulus of an appreciative au
dience.
The intercollegiate preliminaries
take place in the chapel Saturday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The ca
pacity of the chapel is four hun
dred and fifty or more. It is, per
haps, too much to expect that the
chapel be crowded, but as many as
possible should be out to encourage
the candidates and to lend them
the stimulus of an appreciative au
dience.
The intercollegiate preliminaries
take place in the chapel Saturday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The ca
pacity of the chapel is four hun
dred and fifty or more. It is, per
haps, too much to expect that the
chapel be crowded, but as many as
possible should be out to encourage
the candidates and to lend them
the stimulus of an appreciative au
dience.
The intercollegiate preliminaries
take place in the chapel Saturday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The ca
pacity of the chapel is four hun
dred and fifty or more. It is, per
haps, too much to expect that the
chapel be crowded, but as many as
possible should be out to encourage
the candidates and to lend them
the stimulus of an appreciative au
dience.
The intercollegiate preliminaries
take place in the chapel Saturday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. The ca
pacity of the chapel is four hun
dred and fifty or more. It is, per
haps, too much to expect that the
chapel be crowded, but as many as
possible should be out to encourage
the candidates and to lend them
the stimulus of an appreciative au
dience.
