# 50 LOUDERBACK WITNESSES
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
WASHINGTON. May 14 (/P) —Ap
proximately 50 witnesses have been
summoned for the Senate's trial,
beginning tomorrow, of Federal
Judge Harold Louderbaek of San
Francisco, on House impeachment
charges.
