# JUST ANOTHER VAULT PICTURE
## 
### 

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)

We're getting kind «' tired of these snail's eye views of the modern
version of the daring young man on the Hying trapeze, but in case you
are interested, this is Bill Graber of the Trojans, who won the event at
Fresno with 14 feet. Garry Breekner, demon sports announces of the
Columbia Broadcasting System, opines that the youth will break a record
one of these days! (AP Photo)
