# Decorations Set For Military Ball
## 
### 
Extensive plans for the decora
tions to feature the Military Ball,
which will be given on March 4
in the Women's Gym, are close to
completion. The theme will be an
entirely new one, never used before
on the campus. Great pains are be
ing taken to make the gym more
colorfully embellished than ever
before.
Don Kay, the maestro selected to
furnish the music for the occasion,
is already well known and liked by
campus party-goers. His first ap
pearance this year on the Farm was
for the Pledge Prom, at which he
was a smash success.
It is emphasized that the dance is
not restricted to members of the
military department alone. All stu
dents are welcome and may get bids
at the A.S.S.U. offices or from mem
bers of Scabbard and Blade for
$2.50 a couple. Students are urged to
get tickets now.
