# Spring Fur Capes
## 
### 

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.

II Kit E AliE two fashions in fur
rapes for spring. The cape at top
is of silver fox, while (lie high
style bolero has a collarless neck
line and elbow length sleeves.
