# Flat Fur Bolero
## 
### 

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.

FOR SPRIN(« fur, here is a sug
gestion in this pleated dress with
straight hanging bolero of flat fur,
in colored kid, caracul, or Persian
lamb. This is also a good type in
kolinsky or mink.
