# CAMPUS OPINION
## ABOUT RADIO BROADCASTS 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
The Federal Communications
Commission has just set aside a
number of radio channels in the
ultra-short wave bands exclusively
for non-profit educational broad
casting.
Wouldn't it be a fine thing if Stan
ford were to get one of these as
signments?
'Crying Need'
There is a crying need for the de
velopment of new techniques in ra
dio. The School of Education might
do yeoman work in developing new
methods of educational broadcasting
for classroom use.
The Division of Speech and Drama
might develop new techniques of
drama broadcasting, and fill another
crying need.
Valuable work in the effective
utilization of ultra-short waves
might be done by the electrical en
gineering department through the
station.
Other Ideas
Even the journalism department
might develop new and better pre
sentations of news and current
events broadcast.
How ab'out that old "Having of the
West" spirit grabbing off one of
these proposed radio stations, and
incidentally, a hunk of prestige for
Stanford?
Phil Bernheim
