# Goya Influence
## 
### 

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.

LOOKING TOWARD news in the
fashion world for spring is the
garb worn by this model at a re
cent fashion display in the Ritz-
Carlton, New York. The hat, of
rough straw, shows the influence
of the late Spanish painter Goya.
Lizard-black gloves of navy are
worn over pimento polish. The
coat s lightly flares.
