# Aid Applications Are Due Today
## 
### 
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
Today is the last day for filing
Student Aid Fund applications for
Spring Quarter at the Registrar's
office.
In order to be eligible for aid,
students must have at least a "C"
average and be partially self-sup
porting. Those who have already re
ceived aid for two quarters during
the current year are not eligible.
Selection of those who receive grants j
will be based primarily on relative j
degree of need.
