# Pilot Escapes In Upside Down Crash
## 
### 

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.

PILOT DICK RINALDI, sccond from the left, looks over the wrecked
war-time Fokker plane from which he escaped unharmed when it
flopped onto its back in a forced landing at Downey, Calif. "Am 1
lucky!" said Hinaldi as he crawled out of (he wreckage.
