# PRESS CONVENTION FOR HIGH SCHOOLS HELD AT STANFORD
## 
### 
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
Three hundred delegates from 50
different high schools will gather
here on Saturday for the annual
convention of the California Schol
astic Press Association, which is
sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi,
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates will be divided into
four classes, editors and business
managers of annuals. These classes
will meet in 45-minute round tables,
which will be held in the morning
and afternoon. Problems of general
interest will be discussed, according
to Milton Silverman, general chair
man.
At the end of the afternoon a
general business meeting will be
held at which new officers will be
elected for the coming year.
A banquet at which prizes will be
given to the best annuals and news
papers will conclude the convention.
