# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
BUY BONDS
With All You
Can Spare.
Invest in human Lib
erty and justice and give
your fullest support to
our fighting men.
Walsterfo
355 University Ave.
Palo Alto
.
