# Untitled Article
## 
### 

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men

NEWSMAN WATCHES—Ed Beattie, United Press correspon-
dent, watches American soldier removing mine from road
near Gafsa. Tunisia, planted by Rommel's men
