# Bears Win Meet From San Jose
## 
### 
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
Putting on a tremendous show of
all-around strength, California de
feated San Jose State, 107 to 24,
Saturday at Berkeley. Feature of
the meet was the upsetting of Hal
Davis, "fastest human," by Payton
Jordon of St. Mary's Pre-Flight in
the 100-yard dash.

Jordon won the race by inches in
:9.7. In the 220, the Cal ace gained
revenge with a three-yard win over
the former U.S.C. star in :21.2.

Best marks of the day were Ralph
Dewey's 4:24.9 mile, Keith Gros
wird's 13-foot 6-inch vault which
was topped in an exhibition by Irv
ing Moore of the Olympic Club by
three inches, and Spartan Hal Ca
pers' 6-foot, 3-inch high jump.

Grover Klemmer, Cal's great
quarter miler, did not compete be
cause of a sore leg muscle. Jim
Jurkovieh made his cinder debut,
though, winning the discus with a
throw of 144 feet, 9 inches, and tak
ing second in the broad jump with a
leap of 22 feet, 4 1 '2 inches.
