# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Certainly no professor would
require anything unreasonable of
his classes knowingly, but there
can be no doubt that professors
now and then err in overestimating
the ability of students and in giv
ing them more than can be done
with any degree of thoroughness.
An examination has just taken
place in one class on a course of
reading which perhaps not half of
the members had been able to go
over — not because they neglected
to do so, but because the books at
hand could by no means have
been accessible to all the class dur
ing the time allowed. Although a
man of great intellectual ability
may be admired by his classes, he
is sure to cause them to become

discouraged with themselves unless
he recognizes the limits of their
powers and guages the work ac
cordingly.
Certainly no professor would
require anything unreasonable of
his classes knowingly, but there
can be no doubt that professors
now and then err in overestimating
the ability of students and in giv
ing them more than can be done
with any degree of thoroughness.
An examination has just taken
place in one class on a course of
reading which perhaps not half of
the members had been able to go
over — not because they neglected
to do so, but because the books at
hand could by no means have
been accessible to all the class dur
ing the time allowed. Although a
man of great intellectual ability
may be admired by his classes, he
is sure to cause them to become

discouraged with themselves unless
he recognizes the limits of their
powers and guages the work ac
cordingly.
Certainly no professor would
require anything unreasonable of
his classes knowingly, but there
can be no doubt that professors
now and then err in overestimating
the ability of students and in giv
ing them more than can be done
with any degree of thoroughness.
An examination has just taken
place in one class on a course of
reading which perhaps not half of
the members had been able to go
over — not because they neglected
to do so, but because the books at
hand could by no means have
been accessible to all the class dur
ing the time allowed. Although a
man of great intellectual ability
may be admired by his classes, he
is sure to cause them to become

discouraged with themselves unless
he recognizes the limits of their
powers and guages the work ac
cordingly.
Certainly no professor would
require anything unreasonable of
his classes knowingly, but there
can be no doubt that professors
now and then err in overestimating
the ability of students and in giv
ing them more than can be done
with any degree of thoroughness.
An examination has just taken
place in one class on a course of
reading which perhaps not half of
the members had been able to go
over — not because they neglected
to do so, but because the books at
hand could by no means have
been accessible to all the class dur
ing the time allowed. Although a
man of great intellectual ability
may be admired by his classes, he
is sure to cause them to become

discouraged with themselves unless
he recognizes the limits of their
powers and guages the work ac
cordingly.
