# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Do not forget that tickets for
seats in the Stanford sections are
to be presented at the Mission
street entrance. If you present
them at the Market street gate you
can not be admitted and will only
increase the discomfort of others
there and lose time and the chance
for good seats for yourself.
Do not forget that tickets for
seats in the Stanford sections are
to be presented at the Mission
street entrance. If you present
them at the Market street gate you
can not be admitted and will only
increase the discomfort of others
there and lose time and the chance
for good seats for yourself.
Do not forget that tickets for
seats in the Stanford sections are
to be presented at the Mission
street entrance. If you present
them at the Market street gate you
can not be admitted and will only
increase the discomfort of others
there and lose time and the chance
for good seats for yourself.
Do not forget that tickets for
seats in the Stanford sections are
to be presented at the Mission
street entrance. If you present
them at the Market street gate you
can not be admitted and will only
increase the discomfort of others
there and lose time and the chance
for good seats for yourself.
