# ANCHORS AWEIGH AS FLEET STEAMS SOUTHWARD
## 
### 

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)

The United States fleet, including 102 ships of war, left California waters, bound for the Atlantic
coast, after more than two years concentration in the Pacific. Tactical maneuvers will be held as the
fleet proceeds south to the Panama canal. This picture shows the flagship, Pennsylvania (left) leaving
Los Angeles harbor. The next vessel in line is the U.S.S. California. (Associated Press Photo)
