# King Gustav Picks U.S., England for Davis Cup
## 
### 
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
PARIS, April 11 (/P). — "France
hasn't a chance," believes King Gus
tav of Sweden, referring to the com
ing Davis Cup tennis competition.
The King, who knows his tennis,
expects a hot battle this year be
tween the United States and England
for the cup.
"The two principal competitors in
contestably are the United States
and England," he said, as he waited
to go on the courts for his daily
game. He did not pick the winner.
