# Army Encamps Here With Plenty of Beer
## 
### 
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
For the first time the University
ruling of "no beer on the campus,"
was broken yesterday when the Sec
ond Batallion of the 76th Field
Artillery encamped near the polo
field, with a large stock of foamy
beverage.
The battalion, under command of
Colonel J. P. Morley, is on its way
back to Monterey after having
marched to San Francisco in five
days to appear in Army Day ma
neuvers last Saturday. The troops
will break camp early this morning
and expect to march to San Jose to
day, reaching the Presidio at Mon
terey at the end of the week.
