# DUST HITS MID-WEST
## 
### 
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 11 (/P).—
Dust whipped from dry prairies by
a northern gale made today a black
Wednesday in a large Mid-Western
area. The sun was blotted out in
many districts.
