# SUNDAY SCHOOL MURALS CAUSE RIFT
## 
### 

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)

A controversy was started in the Pilgrim Congregational church of
Seattle, Wash., when some members took exception to murals on the
wall, including the one shown here. Rev. F. W. Shorter, defender of
the work refused to resign. Ross Gill is shown retouching the mural
depicting Hitler in the act of driving Jewish people from Germany
after it had been defaced by objectors. (Associated Press Photo)
