# DANCE POSTPONED
## 
### 
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
Because of the presentation of the \
faculty play in the Women's Club- !
house Saturday night, the Union!
Club members will not be hostesses j
to campus men this week. The reg- j
ular dances will be resumed next j
week.
