# NEW JERSEY HAILS EINSTEIN
## 
### 

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)

Dr. Albert Einstein was guest of honor at a brilliant reception and
concert in the armory at Newark, N. J. A crowd estimated at 8,000
persons attended. The eminent scientist, an exile from his German
fatherland, is continuing his researches at Princeton university. Left
to right: Dr. and Mrs. Einstein, Mayor Meyer C. Ellenstein of Newark
and Gov. A. Harry Moore of New Jersey. (Associated Press Photo)
