# RUSSIA IN LEAGUE?
## 
### 
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
GENEVA, April 11 (4 J i. — The
ground was reported prepared for
the admission of Russia to the
League of Nations.
