# Card Geology Professors Will Attend Meet at U.C.
## 
### 
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
Stanford geology professors and
graduate students are leaving today
to attend a joint meeting of the
Western Section fo the Geological i
Society of America and the Pacific |
Coast Branch of the Paleontological
Society, which is being held today,
Friday, and Saturday in Bacon Hall
at the University of California.
Three Stanford professors, Eliot
Blackwclder, Austin F. Rogers, and
Sietnon W. Muller, will read papers
during the meeting. Several gradu
ate students are also on the pro
gram. Bailey Willis, professor emer
itus of geology, has prepared a pa
per on "Active and Inactive Earth
quake Faults," which will be read
by a substitute, as Dr. Willis is in
Washington, D.C. His paper will be
presented before the Seismologieal
Society of America, which is meet
ing tomorrow and Saturday.
