# POLICE HURT AS MINNEAPOLIS JOBLESS RIOT
## 
### 

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)

A crowd of rioting jobless in Minneapolis turned th e street in front of the City Hall into a battlefield. /
least 18 persons, including policemen, were injured in tbe fracas. At left is shown an injured policeman beir
carried from the scene of the disorder. (Associated Press Photo)
