# Socialist Leader Sees Nazi Rule in Austria
## 
### 
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
VIENNA. April 11 (/I 3 ). — Alfred
Frauenfeld, imprisoned leader of
the outlawed National Socialists,
said today he thought the Nazis
would come into power in Austria
"in about three months."
He made this prediction in a hos
pital where he and 27 other Nazis
are convalescing from dysentery
they contracted in the Woellersdorf
concentration camp, south of here.
