# MILLS OLLEGE WILL HAVE NEW DORMITORY
## 
### 
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
To meet the needs of an increased
registration the Trustees of Mills Col
lege have obtained an off-campus resi
dence to be used to house the incom
ing students. This new dormitory will
be used until building conditions are
such as to permit the erection of an
other dormitory on the campus. Fair
lawn. the new dormitory, will be ready
for occupancy by the second week in
August. Mills College will be open for
registration of students August 17.
