# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
LOST —A Gold Ring, amethyst setting,
bordered with diamonds, on Monday
evening, between the movies, Sticky's,
and the Cactus Garden. Irene Evans,
Roble Hall.
