# Chrysella Dunker Elected To Staff of Junior Opera
## 
### 
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
Chrysella Dunker, '21, lias been ap
pointed to take charge of costumes, danc
ing, and technical effects of the Junior
Opera, according to an announcement by
Irving Anschutz, chairman of the opera
committee.
Miss Dunker has recently returned from
a three months' trip to New York where
she witnessed twenty-two dramatic pro
ductions. She has had considerable ex
perience in past campus productions.
