# COURSE IN ATHLETIC COACHING SCHEDULED FOR SUMMER SESSION
## 
### 
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
The Department of Physical Educa
tion will conduct a six weeks' course
in Physical Education and Athletic
Coaching from June 23 to August 1
(luring the summer quarter, according
to an announcement from the General
Manager's office.
In addition to the regular Stanford
coaching staff, C. O. Sappington and
E. R. Knollin have been secured. Sap
pington made his M.D. at Stanford in
1918 and Ph.D. at Harvard in 1924. For
the past two years he has been assist
ant in the Harvard School of Public
Health. Knollin received his A.B. at
Stanford in 1914, was instructor here
from 1914 to 1918, instructor at the
University of Illinois 1919 to 1921, and
since 1924 he has been assistant pro
fessor of physical education and dean
of men at the San Jose Teachers' Col
lege.
Courses may be taken by qualified
graduate students, teachers of physical
education, and athletic coaches. Tui
tion will be $50 which will permit also
the taking of certain courses in physi
ology and education. Graduates en
rolled in other departments may take
the courses by paying a $10 fee. Uni
versity credit will be given which may
be applied toward the requirements of
the state teachers' certificate.
