# FRESHMAN SPEAKERS WIN DEBATE SERIES
## 
### 
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
The Stanford freshman debate team
took two 3 to 0 decisions from the
freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia in their dual contest. The ques
tion was: Resolved, That Congress
should legislate to suppress the Ku
Klux Klan.
The debate at Stanford was between
the Stanford negative and the Califor
nia affirmative. Jack Shoup, Garth
Winslowe, and William Mangold spoke
for the Cardinals. The judges for the
occasion were Professors Harold Shep
ard, William Hawley Davis, and George
William Lysaglit. Professor Edgar Eu
gene Robinson was the chairman.
At California the Stanford team took
the negative and the California squad
took the affirmative. The Stanford
team was composed of William Levit,
Floyd Holdren, and Philip Cavalero.

The Southern California Women's
Forensic League, organized recently,
is sponsoring the First Annual Wo
men's Extempore Contest
