# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
CLASSIFIED ADS
All classified advertisements
must be received at the busi
ness office of The Stanford
Daily by 6 p.m. day previous
to publication. Advertisements
must be paid in advance.
