# SUMMER HUMORISTS ASKED TO CONTRIBUTE COPY FOR CHAPARRAL
## 
### 
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
Summer students interested in hu
morous writing or cartooning are
invited to contribute to Chaparral,
Stanford's comic magazine. "Al
though Chaparral does not publish
during the summer, the staff are al
ready at work upon the first issue of
next fall," said Jack Shoup, editor
in-chief. "Copy may be mailed to
Chaparral, Box 15, Campus, or
brought to the office of the magazine
on the second floor of the Press

Building."
Staff members will be glad to criti
cize art or literary work if the con
tributors so desire. By visiting the
office, men and women may see past
copies of Chaparral and learn further
details of how to submit copy. Shoup
has not as yet announced office hours.
Until he does so he may be tele
phoned at Los Altos 52, or contribu
tors can get in touch with Winston
Norman, associate editor, at Palo
Alto 737.
