# Band Course Will Be Held at Stanford This Summer
## 
### 
Stanford will have a Viand this sum
mer. Heretofore this organization
which is frequently heard at athletic
games and in open-air concerts during
the other quarters has been quieceut
during the summer, but this year Pro
fessor Ernest Whitney Martin of the
Department of Classical Literature,
under whose supervision the band has
been developed to an artistic organi
zation equalled at few other universi
ties, will offer training in concert

work.
The band will meet for practice
twice a week, Tuesdays and Thurs
days, from 7 to 8 In the evening, and
a unit of credit is offered for the
course. The work will be of special
interest and value to teachers of mu
sic and directors of bands and orches
tras In high schools. Concerts will be
given during the quarter as part of
the work. The Stanford band is well
equipped with instruments, including
several for concert work that are
available to very few similar organi
zations.
