# FROSH BASKETBALL SEASON ENDS WITH DECISIVE VICTORIES
## 
### 
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
Cringing to a ciose one of the most
successful freshman basketball sea
sons Stanford has ever had, Coach
Bradshaw's Cardinal yearlings scored
two decisive victories last week-end
defeating Fresno High 28 to 19 Fri
day night and Galileo High 35 to 20
on Saturday night.
Bill Doub, husky center, was the
mainstay of the Stanford team in both
contests, taking high-point honors
with 11 tallies in each. A1 Ray was
second with a total of 9 points for
the two games.
In the Fresno contest the Cardinal
youngsters maintained a steady lead
throughout both halves, the first
period ending with the score at 13
to 9.
The Galileo clash was much more
closely contested during the first half,
however, the score at half time stand
ing at 15 to 13 in favor of the fresh
men. In the second period the Cardi
nal yearlings, led by Doub and Giber
son, opened up a scoring streak which
netted 20 tallies.
