# Ruppe To Replace Kramer As Sequoia Club President
## 
### 
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
Don Ruppe, a Law graduate, was
chosen to succeed Rex Kramer as
president of Sequoia Club, last Thurs
day night in the regular semi-annual
election of Hall officers. Ruppe has
been Chairman of the Social Commit
tee for the first half of the school
year. Marsh Kimball was elected to
that office for the remainder of the
year.
Other results of the voting are as
follows: vice-president, Le oShapova
lov; secretary, Howard Spalding;
treasurer, Ferd Cuinmings; chairman
of athletic committee, Lynn Farwell.
