# DR. A. T. MURRAY GIVES FAREWELL MESSAGE AT EPISCOPALIAN CHURCH
## 
### 
That faith is the quality by which
men overcome the world was the fare
well message of Dr. Augustus T. Mur
ray to the citizens of Palo Alto at
the Episcopal Church last night. Dr.
Murray will leave Thursday for the
East to become resident minister of
the Friends' Society in Washington.
"Whatever is born of God," said
Murray, quoting the epistles of John,
"overcometh the world." For this is
the victory that overcometh the world
â€”even our faith." The sermon was
based on Paul's words that the things
which are seen are temporal, and the
things which are unseen are eternal.
The services comprised the fare
well of Palo Alto to Murray, who has
been a vestryman of the church for
many years. Professor E. A. Cottrell,
Professor S. S. Seward, and the Rev
erend I"). Charles Gardner assisted in
the services.
