# MILITARY BALL BIDS ARE STILL ON SALE; POSTER TRANSLATED
## 
### 
The sale of bids for the Military
Ball which Scabbard and Blade is
sponsoring on March 8 will continue
all this week at the A.S.S.U. offices
in the Old Union.
A literal translation of the contents
of the invitations follows: Foreign
Legion of the French Republic; Order
of Mobilization; By the decree of
Scabbard and Blade the mobilization
of the Foreign Legion is ordered as
well as the requisition of the femi
nine charms and beauties which are
deemed necessary for this event. The
hour of the mobilization is the com
ing eighth of March at the Pavilion.
All of Stanford University, placed
under Military obligations, must obey
the demands of the order under pain
of being punished with all the rigor
of the law; The civil and Military
Authorities are responsible for the
execution of this summons; Nine o'-
clock Formal. On the lower left hand
corner of the document appears the
seal of F Company, Scabbard and
Blade, sth Regiment.
