# NEW PRESIDENT OF MEXICO
## 
### 

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.

Provisional President Emilio Portes Gil of Mexico seated In th«
presidential chair at the national palace In Mexico City following hia
inauguration.
