# PRE-MEDICOS TO MEET IN JOLLY-UP NEXT SATURDAY
## 
### 
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
Physiology and medical majors, and
their friends, will gather at the Fac
ulty Club House Saturday evening.
March 0, to participate in the second
semester jolly-up of the Phisiology
Club. A program of entertainment,
including stunts and vocal and instru
mental music, has been arranged by
the committee in charge. In addition
there will he dancing and a goodly
supply of eats. The get-together will
be strictly informal, and the revelry
will commence at 8 o'clock.
