# Cal Musicians Perform Here
## 
### 
The University oi California Sym
phony Orchestra and Choir, con
ducted by Albert Elkus and assisted
by the Stanford Choir, presented a
concert of 18th century music yes
terday afternoon in Memorial Hall.
The program opened with Karl
Philipp Emanuel Bach's interesting
but not so profound Third Orchestra
Symphony in F major. Before the
concert began, Dr. Warren Allen,
head of the Stanford Division of
Music, explained to the audience
that until comparatively recent
times K.P.E. Bach was thought the
greatest of the Bach family, while
his now famous father, Johann Se
bastian Bach, was little known.
The combined choruses and or
chestra then performed Cantata No.
154, "My Dearest Jesu," by Johann
Sebastian Bach, featuring Mary
Groom, contralto; Alden H. Miller,
baritone; Loren Woods, tenor; and
David Boyden, harpsichordist.
The California Orchestra played
quite warmly and is exceedingly
well trained. It is probably the best
college orchestra on the Pacific
Coast.â€”Gugel
