# Sophomores
## 
### 
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
All sophomores must declare
majors by this Friday, May 15,
in order to be able to preregis
ter for Fall Quarter. Students
should report to the General
Studies Office, 111-F ill the
Registrar's Office, to change or
declare majors.
