# Liebendorfer-Masters Win First Handball Tourney
## 
### 
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
The all-University doubles handball
tournament came to an end Tuesday
noon when Liebendorfer and Masters
defeated Maloney and Bradshaw in a
close match 21-19, 21-19.

Saturday is the last day for entries
In the second doubles tournament

which differs from the previous one
in that no team can include the same
partners as in the other tournament.
