# WATSON COLLECTION ADDS LACE CLOTH TO HOOVER WAR LIBRARY
## 
### 
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
A rare and priceless lace cloth has
reached the Hoover War Library
to be added to the Samuel N. Watson
and Jeannette G. Watson Collection.

The tea cloth was made in a little
village in Flanders, Herzele, and
smuggled to Paris in the midst of the
war. It was Herzele's gift to the Wat
sons, who had aided them with con
tributions from American sources all
through the war. At that time Dr.
Watson was rector of the American
Church in Paris.
In the center of the cloth are
woven the Lion of Flanders and the
Royal Crown. The words "Reconnais-
France" and "Herzele" are wrought in
the border and with them the dates
1914-15 and 1916. At the three corners
of the border are heads of children
and at the fourth the device of the
Watson family. Around this is a band
of hand-woven linen inwrought with
lace stars and belond all a border of
lace.

The grass on two greens and the
fairways on the golf course are al
ready up.
