# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
Stanford Airways
RENT-A-CAR
at low as $3.99 + 6c a mile
includes
• Gas and oil
• Campus Pickup
Am WAYS 4 " 2 El Camino
Reservations
327-0894
information
Rick Bale
UL 1-1110
