# STILL UNDEFEATED
## Spikers Beat OSU 
### 
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
Paced by outstanding perform
ances by Bud Walsh and Larry
Questad Stanford's track team
remained undefeated in meet
competition for the season by
defeating Oregon State, 81-64 in
a meet at Corvallis Saturday.
Walsh with the biggest point
getter for the Indians as he won
the high jump at 6'2", the high
hurdles in 14.9, and the long
jump with a leap of 24'-4". He
was also second in the 440-yard
low hurdles to OSU's Bob Mc-
Laren.
Not far behind Walsh in the
point totals was sprinter Larry

Questad who won both the 100
and 220 yard dashes and an
chored the winning 440 relay
team.
Stoecker Wins One
Indian captain Bob Stoecker
was only able to win one of his
three weight events this week.
Stocker won the discus with a
heave of 172-1 feet but lost to
fine performances in the javelin
and shot put. Oregon State's Phil
Lowery won the javelin with a
toss of 240'-l", one of the best
anywhere this season. The Bea
ver's Lahcen Samson took the
shot put with a 58'-l" heave.
Other Tribe winners were Jim
Ward in the 440, Dave Duebner,
who won both the mile and 880,
Jim Eshclman in the pole vault
and the mile relay team com
posed of Glenn Havksjold, Dell
Martin, Terry Fredrikson, and
Ward.
