# N. W. Banks to Meet Chess Players in Oakland Games
## 
### 
N. W. Banks, nationally known chess
player, invited Stanford chess players
to join in tlie matches which he will
play at the Y.M.C.A. in Oakland on
June 12, in a letter received from him
by William Jacobs yesterday. The let
ter was read at the meeting of the
Cardinal Chess Club last night.
M. Marion Kornl'eld, president of
the club, gave a talk on the French
defense, showing several variations.
The report on the Oklahoma corres
pondence match was made, and a fur
ther move placed under consideration.

After being given the permission to
remove their green caps, the freshmen
nt the University of Washington asked
permission to wear them again.

;For the first time in twenty years a
woman student lias enrolled in the
civil engineering course at the Univer
sity of Texas.
