# DRAMATIC STUDENTS TO STAGE PLAYLETS IN LITTLE THEATRE
## 
### 
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
The play production class will pre
sent two one-act plays, "Overtones"
and the "Tents of the Arabs" in an
open meeting of the class at 2 o'clock
tomorrow in the Little Theatre. All
interested are welcome to attend.
Work on these plays has been carried
on in conjunction with the three plays
previously given before the Assembly.
"Overtones," a modern production,
has a cast made up completely of
women, and is presented excellently.
It has been directed by Miss Helen
Lewis, who directed "The Maker of
Dreams," given in the previous series.
"The Tents of the Arabs," by Lord
Dunsany, is a fantasy set in the Ara
bian desert. Dunsany's style is mystic
and beautiful in this play as in all of
his works. The direction is under
William Thornton, director of the
"Thrice-Promised Bride," put on in the
past series.
All the play production is under the
direction of Marion Craig Wentworth,
who is taking Miss Buckingham's place
during the latter's absence. Mrs. Went
worth is widely known as a playwright,
and is also an authority on dramatic
and vocal interpretation. Her method
of production is to develop acting
rather than elaborate settings. In pur
suit of this idea, the plays tomorrow
will not be in costume.
