# Reptiles Must Become Ruffs For Admittance to Skull and Snakes Party
## 
### 
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
Semester shirts, brogans, sweater
coats, and similar campus attire will
rule supreme at Skull and Snakes gi
gantic Jolly-up in the Pavilion, Satur
day night. Hearty support has been
expressed by the entire co-educational
factor and trucks escorted by five
block "S" men will call at all sorority
houses and at Roble Hall, at about
8:20, to conduct the women to the
festivity. Letter men are requested
to appear in (heir "S" sweaters, among
other things.
Saturday has been announced as a
closed date, giving everyone an un
disputed opportunity to appear among
the rough element. Every other dance
will be a tag, but will of necessity
be shorter than the others.
Seventy-five cents and garnish garb
will admit everybody, queeners except
ed. Tickets will be on sale at the
Bookstore on Friday, and will be sold
on the Quad by all members of Skull
and Snakes.
