# Grads Grab Flag: Grabbed
## 
### 
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
Two Stanford gradual es ,
Arthur Mcintosh, 23, and Bill
Brumbcr, 28, were given one
month suspended .jail sentences
by an Innsbruck court last week
for taking a Tyrolean flag as a
souvenir of the Winter Olympics.
Unfortunately, tli e "souvenir"
flag was flying from a house in
downtown Innsbruck and the
owners were not in the curio
trade.
