# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
Instructor L.P. deVries of the Ro
manic Languages department will
spend the summer in Europe doing
research work at the 13ibliotheque
Nationals in Paris. He is making a
special study of the beginnings of
nineteenth century realism.
