# Bay Cities Alumni to Lunch Together
## 
### 
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
Stanford alumni will assemble to
gether at the Press Club at Sutter
and Powell streets in San Francisco
on Tuesday, May sth, for the regular
monthly luncheon, one of the many
features inaugurated by the Stanford
men around the bay during the last
year. The luncheon will be held from
12 to 1:30. It is expected that last
month's attendance of seventy-five
will be surpassed.
