# Adv. 19 Page 3
## 
### 
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
I^l
® They've plenty on lite hall
• Lots of drive
® And sure lo follow through
to
RESU L T S
THE STANFORD DAILY
Honrs 14 Dial 1717
I
