# GERMANS HOLD NARVIK
## 
### 
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
BERLIN, May 22 (UP).—The high
command said today German forces
at Narvik were still holding out
against superior enemy forces. Ger
man Alpine chasseurs pushed 240
miles north of Trondheim to cap
ture the Norwegian towns of Mo and
Storforehe and took "numerous"
Norwegians and British prisoners,
the communique said.
