# DR. ROSS TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
Dr. Robert Ross of the psychology
department will speak at a meeting
of the Pre-Medical Society tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house 011 "Clinical Psveholoev."
