# Munier Discusses Evolution Theory
## 
### 
The quarterly discussion group of
the Newman Club met last night to
discuss the question "Is Evolution
a Theory?" Father Munier was the
speaker of thj evening. Hp pre
sented the fa'ts that Mendel's law
of genetics proved embarrassing to
the Darwinian evolutionists, and
that evolution was just a theory. No
absolute proof has ever been pre
sented.
Father Munier said that they have
never been able to find the missing
link in the evolution of man, and
that the fossils found have been
vtry incomplete. All evidence is
purely circumstantinl, and even the
greatest scientists disagree on the
theory of evolution. Also they pro
less to know nothing about the ori
gin of man, he added.
