# Beavers Lead S. F. In 5 to 2 Victory
## 
### 
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
Portland, continued to lead the
Pacific Coast Baseball League by
virtue of 5 to 2 victory over San
Francisco in a l.'l-inning game last
Tuesday.
Dickey furnished the fireworks in
the 13th with a home run. Ad Li.ska
pitched for the winners while Mil
ler and Frazier worked for the
Seals. The Seals led, 2 to 1, until
the eighth when Portland tied it up.
In captivity, tne Indian rhinoceros
rubs off its horn.
