# U. S. Favorites In Walker Cup Match
## 
### 
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
LONDON, May 18 (UP).—Amer
ica's Walker Cup golf players shap
ed up as overwhelming favorites to
day to defeat Great Britain's best
amateurs in the biennial interna
tional team series June 3-4 at St.
Andrews, Scotland.
The Americans, who arrived here
Monday, had their first workout
yesterday. British golf fans re
garded it as sensational. The United
States has won all previous nine
Walker Cup matches.
