# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
HENRY B. LIKES
THE FOOD AT THE
NIPA HUT
Henry B. is a Stanford stu
dent who appreciates fine
food served at an economical
price.
Dinners $1.35
and up at the
ft! IPA HUT
2550 El Camino
Redwood City
