# CONFERENCE AGENDA
## 
### 
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
Saturday
!):00—Registration
9:ls—Wclcome—Tom Mail/.lofT
—Consideration of proposed
constitution
11:00—Address l».y Stanford fac
ulty member and ad
journment
Sunday
—Final consideration of con-

stitution
11:30 —Finances and election of
officers
12:30—Consideration of projects,
panel discussions
4:3o—Public relations, expansion
problems
7:00 —Orientation of new dele
gates and any unfinished
business
