# Freshmen Stack Big Blaze Fuel
## 
### 
With the Big Game still almost a
month away, the freshman class has
already begun preparations for the
traditional bonfire held annually in
connection with the pre-game rally.
A local box factory has made
available several truckloads of dis
carded crates, with the result that
this year's fire promises to be one
of the largest in history. Each fresh
man is expected to spend two hours
assisting in transporting the crates
to the campus. Until a definite site
for the fire is decided upon, the
wood is being stored near the Sta
dium.
When preparations have been
completed, members of the fresh
man class will be detailed to guard
the bonfire to prevent invading Cal
ifornia rooters from lighting it pre
maturely.
