# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
Rooter and general admission
tickets for the P.C.C. track meet
Saturday will be on sale all this
week at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union.
