# ORGANIZED ROOTING IN CONFERENCE MEET IS COMMITTEE PLAN
## 
### 
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
Further plans for the organized
rooting section for the Pacific Coast
Conference meet to be held Saturday
have been announced by John H. Rob
erts, who is in charge of the commit
tee that is actively engaged in plan
ning for the stunts that will be shown
on that day.
As Stanford will be host to the track
teams, graduate managers, and rooters
of the Pacific Coast colleges at that
time, the Rally Committee, in co-opera
tion with the Board of Athletic Con
trol, is planning these special stunts
for the rooters so that the organized
work of the Stanford cheering section
may be shown to all of the colleges on
the coast.
No rooters' caps need be worn, but
every man must wear a white shirt.
Nine hundred men will compose the
rooting section, which space will be
roped off and reserved from among
the best seats in the stadium, accord
ing to Roberts. Every one is urged to
get to his seat early, as the stunts will
be put on in the first part of the
afternoon.
