# Chinese Playlet To Be Presented In Assembly Hall
## 
### 
After concentrating on a final polish
ing-off of the rough edges of "The
Maker of Dreams," "The Pot Boiler,"
and "The Thrice-Promised Bride," the
one-act plays to be presented in the
Assembly hall at 7:30 o'clock tonight,
Marion Craig Wentworth, director of
the play production class, declared the
plays ready for presentation. There
will be no admission charge for the
plays, which are being given under the
auspices of the Committee on Public
Exercises.
"The Thrice-Promised Bride," the
final play of the series, is of Chinese
origin, both in plot and setting. It is
laid in the court of the magistrate in
an interior district of China. Action
centers about a*mix-up caused by the
betrothal of the maiden to three men.
Under the old system of betrothal
practiced in China, children may be
promised to each other in one of many
ways, all of which have more or less
legal sanction. In all cases, the par
ents have the right to make all ar
rangements. Such confusion as is pic
tured in this play often occurred in
old China.
Plays Are Realistic
The realism of this play is being
heightened by the aid in direction
given by Tho Shih, member of the
Stanford Chinese Club, who is offering
the benefit of his knowledge of old
customs to the class. The production
will be in full costume of the oeriod.
Throughout the action of tho play,
especially in the words of the magis
trate, are found quaint allusions to
old superstitions. The matchmaker,
especially, conveys an utterly foreign
note in her testimony in behalf of the
two lovers. Mingling with these odd
expressions are strictly modern idioms.
The combination of the two extremes
gives a play of serious intent sudden
spots of humor which lighten the
whole.
Plays Well Balanced
The series of plays will be well
balanced, as the fantasy and farce pre
ceding the Chinese play are light and
more familiar to American audiences.
This is the first pi-oduction of "The
Thrice-Promised Bride" on the coast,
and one of the few times it has been
staged in America. It was produced by
the Provincetown Players as one of
their presentations. Make-up for the
casts will be done by Walter Belasco.
The cast for the production is as fol
lows: Wang Tali-Ming, the magistrate.
Wardle Poulson; Tuan Chi, his secre
tary, David Stollery; Chung Ting, the
knight, Theodore McKay; Li Che-Pu,
the rich merchant, William Thornton;
Han Chu-Yin, the bride, Dorothy
Quinn; the bride's mother, Margretta
Stroup; Wang Mei-Pao, the first
matchmaker, and Liu Ma, the second
matchmaker, Julia North; Chien Shou,
the old man, Waddington Blair; Tu
Quang-Yang, the beggar scholar, Lynn
Bramkamp; attendants, Clifford Wei
gle and Lloyd Nolan.
