# Dr. Gardner Will Preach Sunday.
## 
### 
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
Sunday's service will he conducted
by Dr. D. Charles Gardner. The ser
mon chosen is "Friendship." Farrar's
"The Lord is My Shepherd" will he
sung by the University choir.
