# STANFORD OFFICERS RECEIVE INVITATIONS
## 
### 
Invitations have been received by sev
eral members of the Stanford Military
Unit to attend the annual navy ball at
the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The
ball will be held the evening of Wednes
day, December 8.
The honor gnest of this year's event
is Rear Admiral A. S. Halstead, who is
with the fleet now stationed in the har
bor of the Golden Gate. Officers of the
super-dreadnaught California, that is
being manned with sailors from this
state, are also included in the roster of
the guests.' Ex-naval and military men
throughout the state will be present for
the evening's festivities. With the cx
cellent appointmenls that the hotel af
fords, the committee in charge expresses
hopes of having an affair that will long
be remembered. The stationing of such
a large number of ships in the harbor at
the same time assures the participation
of a number of important men in naval
circles.
