# KZSU Airs Spring Sing
## 
### 
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
Tonight at 10:15 KZSU will re
broadcast Spring Sing in its en
tirely. Stanford Radio's host, Bob
Suffel. will present recordings of
the individual musical selections.
This rebroadcast gives partici
pants a chance to determine how
they actually sounded last Fri
day. And those who missed the
performance may hear it for the
first time.
