# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
Dine with her before the
Cotillion . . . inviting
j home-cooked food served
in an atmosphere of
smart refinement
C\%
popper
K c ftlc
537 Bryant Street
Palo Alto
We invite you to
be our guest
PALO ALTO
XMAS PARTY
Friday Evening,
December 3,
8 o'clock
Sam Poepoe
with his
Hawaiian Trio
will entertain
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
I
