# Professor Lutz to Speak Before Pi Sigma Alpha
## 
### 
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
Pi Sigma Alpha, national honorary
fraternity of Political Science, will
meet for luncheon in the alcove room
of the Stanford Union, Monday, at
12:15 o'clock. After lunch a general
discussion of current political and
financial problems will take place.
Professor Harley L. Lutz, of the
Economics department, will be pres
ent to answer questions concerning
present conditions in Poland. He has
recently returned from assisting in
rehabilitating the finances of that
country.
