# Encina Club Plans Final Meeting Tuesday Evening
## 
### 
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
The Encina Club will hold its last
meeting of the quarter at 7 o'clock
Tuesday night in the Encina lobby,
Fred Olsen, president of the club, an
nounced last night.
Election of a secretary and the vot
ing on the constitution and an amend
ment constitute the business of the
meeting. The candidates for secretary
are William Siinkins, Tito Bianchi,
Harlow Tlothert, and Jack Lindley.
The amendment to the constitution
deals with the matter of allowing the
Encina house committee to handle all
matters pertaining to the breakage
