# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
Seniors at the University of Chicago
carry canes as a mark of class dis
tinction.
