# Trade With Our Advertisers
## 
### 
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
Musical Instruments
Rent a player piano. Some as low as
$4 a month. Price $195 up. All rent
can apply on buy later. Open nights
until 10 o'clock. 2 stores. 250 Stock
ton Street, S. F. 575 14th Street,
Oakland. 014
