# REDSKIN CREW WORKING OUT ON LAGUNITA FOR REGATTA PRETTY SOON
## 
### 
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
Tlie Redskin crew is working out
on Lagunita for its regatta pretty
soon.
