# Pajama-Clad Frosh Storm Roble Halls
## 
### 
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
Wth tomatoes and fire-bombs fly
ing, the Class of '51 invaded the
Row, the Pavilion, and Roble last
night in one of the stormiest Paja
malinos in recent years.
The Pavilion rally was marred by
the throwing of a fire-bomb which
burned the basketball floor and
filled the arena with smoke and
fumes. From Ihe Pavilion the pa
jama-clad men roared up to Robl<:
to "serenade" their freshman class
mates.
The "serenade" turned into a near
riot, with close to a hundred men
breaking into the hall. Festivitic
at Roble included firecracker and
fruit throwing which resulted in a
score of broken windows; recipro
cating waterbags thrown by third
floor Robleites; removal of the front
door from its hinges; the throwing
of girls' clothing out of windows;
bicycles hung on trees; and several
minor injuries resulting from bro
ken glass.
