# English Scholar To Visit Stanford
## 
### 
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
Mary Roper Price, senior history
lecturer, deputy vice-principal of
Exhall Training College, Coventry,
England, and senior Walter Hines
Page Scholar for 1947, will visit
the campus today.
Miss Price is touring the United
States under an annual scholarship
to study American life and demo
cratic training.
