# Rathbun to Address VCA
## 
### 
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
Harry J. Rathbun, Stanford law
professor, will address the first
meeting of the Village Christian
Association tomorrow night at 8 in
the Village Clubhouse. His sub
ject will be "What Hope for Man?"
All students are invited to attend.
"This talk should be of particular
interest to those people who are do
ing some thinking about life, per
sonal philosophy, and the situation
in which we find ourselves today,"
declared the Rev. Gale Engle, Vil
lage chaplain.
An open forum for discussion and
questions will follow the address,
and the program will be concluded
with refreshments and a song-fest.
After the first meeting, the VCA
will meet on Sunday nights in the
clubhouse. A varied program which
will include worship, panel discus
sions, lectures, social hours, and
other activities of interest to the
students is planned, according to
program chairman Larry Bott.
