# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
An enthusiastic congratulation rally
was held yesterday afternoon at the
University of California. Walter
Christie, Captain Stroud, and Captain
elect Peart spoke of the recent Big
Game.
