# Communication.
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily Palo Alto:
Realizing that the victory of the
Stanford Varsity debating team over
California at Berkeley on November 1
was due in great meausure to the
assistance given the debaters by mem
bers of the faculty and second team,
the team takes this opportunity to
make a public expression of gratitude.
When the Stanford men mounted the
platform at Harmon gymnasium they
were arrayed with a series of argu
ments that the unselfish work of the
professors and second team men had
helped to pound into a second nature
of resourcefulness. That work was
appreciated by the members of the
team.
The debaters who wish to ei press
gratitude at this time are: P. I).
Nowell, '13, A. F. Covle, '15, and A. H.
Morosco, '16.
