# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.

Palo Alto Hani let
Henry J. Woessner (a former graduate student here) is Hamlet
in the Theatre Works Winter Festival '81 production of the
Shakespeare play. Performances are tonight, tomorrow and Sat
urday night at 8 in Palo Alto's Stern Center. 1305 Middlefield
Road.
