# Library Book Sale
## 
### 
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
The University Library is holding
a book sale today in the lobby ql'
the Main Library.
Prices begin at live cents. Hours
of the sale are 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
