# 40 Report As Cagers Open Drills
## 
### 
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
Approximately 40 candidates, in
cluding nine lettermen, reported to
the new head basketball coach,
Howie Dallmar at the opening of
practice yesterday.
All of the candidate were strang
ers to Dallmar, who coached at the
University of Pennsylvania last sea
son.
Among the returning lettermen
were 6-6 Russ Lawler, high scorer
in the Pacific Coast Conference
Southern Division last season, and
5-8 George Selleck, runner-up to
Lawler last year.
