# Taylor Banquet Tickets Go on Sale
## 
### 

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,

FIRST SALE Senior class president Bill Clemens (center), buys the first Chuck Taylor Banquet
ticket from Prank Schwartz (lett), and John Ma tthews, co-chairmen of the event. Sponsored by
the senior class, the banquet will be held at Rickey's Sunday, Nov. 14. ,
