# As It Will Be ...
## 
### 

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.

THE BUILDING BOOM- Above is the finished plan for one of the buildings to be constructed as
part of the 50-store Stanford shopping center. C onstruction began yesterday on The Emporium
and excavation work started for the adjoining building pictured above which will house Roos
Bros., and J. Magnin. Plans call for the completion of the shopping center by March 1956.
