# Alumni to Hear Student Panels
## 
### 
Eleven student leaders will par
ticipate in the 1961 series of Stan
ford Alumni Conferences, which
begin this weekend in San Diego
and Phoenix, according to Alumni
Association Director Bob Pierce.
Fourteen conferences are to be
held between now and May 20 at
cities throughout California and
the nation, said Pierce. The stu
dents will present a panel discus
sion, "The Stanford Review of
1961," at each conference, which
will also feature talks by Presi
dent Wallace Sterling and mem
bers of the faculty and adminis
tration.
The students are Dave Cath
eart, Ed Cutter, Rich Garling
house. Sue Koessler, Nappy Mac-
Naughton, Sandy McCartv, Larry
Royse, Stender Sweeney, Mike
Walsh and Susie Willis. Seven stu
dents will appear at each meet
ing. Prof. J. T. Watkins IV will
moderate the panel.
Following San Diego and Phoe
nix, conferences will be held in
Orange Count y. Los Angeles.
Marin County, Sacramento, Se
attle. Portland, Monterey, Santa
Barbara, Boston, Oakland. Chi
cago, Denver and on campus.
