# Cellist Starker Plays Sunday
## 
### 
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
Janos Starker, young Bu
dapest-trained cellist, will
play in the ASSU Concert
Series Sunday afternoon at
2:30 in Memorial Auditorium.
His program will include
selections by Bach, Fresco
baldi-Cassadro, Breval. Hinde
mith and Bart ok.
Starker, who has gained a
reputation as an outstand
ing interpreter of chamber
music, has appeared as solo
ist with leading orchestras in
this country.
