# Adv. 44 Page 18
## 
### 
Bring happiness
TO THOUSANDS
of people-
Earn $16 an
HOUR...
Enjoy the
SERENITY OF A
Stanford
MORNING...
The Daily is looking for
people to distribute
papers weekday morn
ings from 8 to 11 a.m.
Routes take 45 to 55
minutes to complete. You
don't have to have a car
(although it would be
nice), and you don't have
to work five days a week
(again, though, it'd be
nice). If you'd like to do
more than one route, we
can keep you busy all
morning.
For more information, call
Scott at 3-2555 x. 301.
Bring happiness
TO THOUSANDS
of people-
Earn $16 an
HOUR...
Enjoy the
SERENITY OF A
Stanford
MORNING...
The Daily is looking for
people to distribute
papers weekday morn
ings from 8 to 11 a.m.
Routes take 45 to 55
minutes to complete. You
don't have to have a car
(although it would be
nice), and you don't have
to work five days a week
(again, though, it'd be
nice). If you'd like to do
more than one route, we
can keep you busy all
morning.
For more information, call
Scott at 3-2555 x. 301.
Bring happiness
TO THOUSANDS
of people-
Earn $16 an
HOUR...
Enjoy the
SERENITY OF A
Stanford
MORNING...
The Daily is looking for
people to distribute
papers weekday morn
ings from 8 to 11 a.m.
Routes take 45 to 55
minutes to complete. You
don't have to have a car
(although it would be
nice), and you don't have
to work five days a week
(again, though, it'd be
nice). If you'd like to do
more than one route, we
can keep you busy all
morning.
For more information, call
Scott at 3-2555 x. 301.
Bring happiness
TO THOUSANDS
of people-
Earn $16 an
HOUR...
Enjoy the
SERENITY OF A
Stanford
MORNING...
The Daily is looking for
people to distribute
papers weekday morn
ings from 8 to 11 a.m.
Routes take 45 to 55
minutes to complete. You
don't have to have a car
(although it would be
nice), and you don't have
to work five days a week
(again, though, it'd be
nice). If you'd like to do
more than one route, we
can keep you busy all
morning.
For more information, call
Scott at 3-2555 x. 301.
Bring happiness
TO THOUSANDS
of people-
Earn $16 an
HOUR...
Enjoy the
SERENITY OF A
Stanford
MORNING...
The Daily is looking for
people to distribute
papers weekday morn
ings from 8 to 11 a.m.
Routes take 45 to 55
minutes to complete. You
don't have to have a car
(although it would be
nice), and you don't have
to work five days a week
(again, though, it'd be
nice). If you'd like to do
more than one route, we
can keep you busy all
morning.
For more information, call
Scott at 3-2555 x. 301.
Bring happiness
TO THOUSANDS
of people-
Earn $16 an
HOUR...
Enjoy the
SERENITY OF A
Stanford
MORNING...
The Daily is looking for
people to distribute
papers weekday morn
ings from 8 to 11 a.m.
Routes take 45 to 55
minutes to complete. You
don't have to have a car
(although it would be
nice), and you don't have
to work five days a week
(again, though, it'd be
nice). If you'd like to do
more than one route, we
can keep you busy all
morning.
For more information, call
Scott at 3-2555 x. 301.
