# Rally Committee Sells Bear to Original Owner
## 
### 
Stolen, sold, and resold, the Cali
fornia bear cub has left the hands of
the Rally Committee and has at last
returned to its original owner.
Purchased from E. C. Storm by the
Committee through contributions from
the fraternity houses, the cub was re
cently alleged to have been stolen
from Carson, its rightful owner, and
resold by Storm. Storm received twen
ty-five dollars for the bear from the
Rally Committee.
The charges of theft have been con
firmed by the sheriff of Humboldt
County, and Carson requested the re
turn of his beast, offering twelve dol
lars for the re-purchase of his hear,
and leaving the Rally Committee
minus both its infant protege and thir
teen dollars. The twelve dollars will
be incorporated in the Rally Commit
tee fund.

On account of the increased use of
electricity for illumination, many in
candescent gas mantle factories in the
United States have turned their atten
tion to other forms of production.
