# Berkeley Senior Women Announce Engagements
## 
### 
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
Twenty-one senior women at the
University of California have an
nounced their engagements, and the
other two-thirds of the entire list of
fifty will be made public tomorrow at
the annual "secret" party at the Hotel
Claremont, Berkeley.
The first wedding has been set for the
night of commencement, May 14. The
remainder will take plaee during June,
Jul}' and August.
