# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
(Javilon House announces the
engagement of Harriet Mailman
'<>() to Thomas Rosier, University
of California,
