# Talented Child Problem Seen
## 
### 
The Million's colleges and uni
versities are paying increased at
lention to secondary anfl elemen
tary education, according to the
7)1111 annual report of the Carne
gie Foundation for the Advance
ment of Teaching.
Academically (.denied children
must be identified early and
"should be encouraged lo develop
i heir iniellet I ual talents on as
broad a front as possible," said
the Foundation's 2~> trustees,
most of them presidents of col
leges and universities.
The trustees also ca I led for
greater communication between
universities and the rest of the
Hellion's educational system. "Im
portant benefits would ensue if
elementary, >econdar,\ find col
lege teachers all fell themselves
;i pari of the same intellect ual
coinmunitv," the\ said.
