# Engineering Prof Begins Lectures
## 
### 
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
"Plastic Design in Steel" is the
subject of a series of lectures be
ing given by James M. Gere, as
sociate professor of civil engi
neering ;il Stanford University.
Professor Gere will speak on
"Design of Singh* Span" Nov. I,
and 7. and on "Design of Multi-
Span Frames" Nov. IS, I!) and 21.
Directed toward structural en
gineers. architects and public
works officials, each lecture will
be delivered three times Wed
nesdays ai 7 p.m. in the lecture
hall of Siin Francisco State Col
lege; Thursdays al 7:30 p.m. in
Room 310, Le Conic Hall, Univer
sity of California: and Saturdays
;it Sacramento State College.
