# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
Stanford's 1959 football team
has outscored its opponents in
fourth quarter action by 51-11.
