# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
MOST PHOTOGENIC
"GIRL OF
THE WEEK''
MISS
ILLIE
COSTICAN
o
■
See her photograph in
Nicholas Johrtston's win
dow and watch this page
every Friday for future
I nominations.
