# Red Cross Solicitors Get Materials Today
## 
### 
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
Ited Cross Drive representatives
from the following living groups
have not rollectcd their envelopes
of materials. Nancy Banning,
chairman of the drive, has an
nounced that it is imperative that
the solicitors call for tho enve
lopes at the A.S.S.U. oflice this
morning at !).
The list of living groups whose
representatives have failed to col
lect the materials is as follows:
Men's halls: Jefferson, Johnson,
Madison, Monroe, Pierce, Tama
rack, Taylor, Van Burcn, Wash
ington, Toyon, Encina, and the
International t'luh; women's halls:
Durand, Kim, Hawthorne, Hilltop,
Knoll, Madrono, Man/nnita, Oaks,
and Russell.
