# California Alumni to Put Out Weekly News Journal
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA —
(P.I.P.) —The California Alumni Asso
ciation is publishing a weekly paper,
the Weekly Californian, for the pur
pose of gaining a closer contact with
the undergraduates of the university
for the benefit of its members. The
paper is composed of four pages of
regulation twenty-inch columns, and is
edited by the members of the Daily
Californian staff.
