# Registered Campus Voters Will Meet Monday Night
## 
### 
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
A meeting of all registered campus
voters will he held upstairs in tin
Women's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clocl
Monday evening. The merits of the
proposed state constitutional amend
ments to bo voted upon at the cominf
election will be the subject of dis
cussion.
