# Rutledge Named To Varian Post
## 
### 
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
Donald A. Rutledge, a former
professor, has been appointed per
sonnel director of Varian Associ
ates. Palo Alto electronics firm.
While here Rutledge taught
courses in the graduate school
and in the Engineering, Science
and Management war training
program. Since 1952 he has work
ed for NBC in New York.
