# Mural Notice
## 
### 
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
The intramural track meet will
be held on May I and May 11,
according to Intramural Director
Elwyn Bugge.
