# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students who take out, books in the
library, especially books belonging to
the history department, should see that
they are returned to the desk as soon
as the reading is finished. If the vol
ume is left on the table while the stu
dent reads fora half hour in a maga
zine, some other person may be de
prived of an opportunity of using the
book for the day.
Students who take out, books in the
library, especially books belonging to
the history department, should see that
they are returned to the desk as soon
as the reading is finished. If the vol
ume is left on the table while the stu
dent reads fora half hour in a maga
zine, some other person may be de
prived of an opportunity of using the
book for the day.
Students who take out, books in the
library, especially books belonging to
the history department, should see that
they are returned to the desk as soon
as the reading is finished. If the vol
ume is left on the table while the stu
dent reads fora half hour in a maga
zine, some other person may be de
prived of an opportunity of using the
book for the day.
