# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
Charles Jones, a San Francisco
lawyer, has attended every Stan
ford home football game and
every Big Game since 1931. Jones
was in the graduating class of
1936.
