# Concert Tickets On Sale at Nitery
## 
### 
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
Seventy - five ticket s for the
next Concert Series performance.
Byron Janis, pianist, will go on
sale at the Concert Series office
in the Nitery at 1 p.m. Monday at
$2.75 each.
Good seats in all sections arc
still available for the Vienna
Choir Boys performance to be
given Feb. 21 in Memorial Audi
torium. The concert is a benefit
for the lIR foreign scholarship
fund.
