# Third Eleven to Encounter Fast Oaklanders
## 
### 
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
While the first freshmen are playing
down at Los Angeles, the third fresh
men will tackle Oakland High School
tomorrow at 12:30 in the stadium in a
preliminary to the varsity and U. S. C.
game. The teams are about evenly
matched, so a fast game should result.
The third freshmen have been going
along at a great clip this season. Two
wins and one defeat have been chalked
up by the third babes. In a practice
scrimmage, Palo Alto High School
slipped over a field goal, and won 3-0.
Since then, however, San Jose and Sa
linas High Schools have fallen before
the onslaught of the freshmen. San Jose
sent a team of veritable giants to meet
the freshmen, but dropped a 19-0 game.
Salinas was beaten 32-0 last Saturday.
In Riese, Pegram, and Rehm, the
babes have three consistent ground-gain
ers. These men should advance the ball
with ease tomorrow.
Very little is known of the Oakland
High outfit. Two weeks ago, they
dropped a decisive game to the Califor
nia freshmen. They are reported to be
heavy and fairly fast.
