# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
DISH WASHING JOB
OPEN AT CELLAR
DURING DINNER
Also ....
Men needed to help the
gals washee the dishees
9:30 to 1 1 :30 at night,
and in the morning.
Phone ASSU or 3136
The Cellar
