# Pi Alpha Theta Plans Meeting Tomorrow
## 
### 
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
Pi Alpha Theta, national women's
honorary educational fraternity, will
meet tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the
social room of the Education blild
ing.
