# Hispanic Series To Hear Egoroff
## 
### 
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
Paul Egoroff, acting assistant econ
omist of the Stanford Food Research
Institute, will lecture on ''Argentine
Trade in Wartime," at tonight's His
panic World series program.
Ronald Hilton, chairman of the or
ganization committee of the series,
stresses the fact that the program
will be held tonight rather than the
usual meeting date of Thursday. The
program will begin at 7:30 and will
be held in room 242 (Romanic Lan
guages).
Mr. Egoroff is soon to leave for
Washington, D.C., where he will act
as an adviser on Argentine economic
problems. His book on this subject
will be published in the near fu
ture.
The public is invited to attend the
weekly Hispanic World lectures
which are sponsored under the joint
auspices of the Department of Ro
manic Languages and the University
Committee on Latin-American Stu
dies.
