# Eleven Officers Will Be Retired
## 
### 
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
Eleven members of the Stanford
faculty, having reached the age of
65, will be retired from active duty
at the close of the academic year,
President Donald B. Tresidder an
nounced yesterday.
The retiring professors are Eliot
Blackwelder, professor of Geology;
William Hawley Davis, professor of
English and editor of the University
Press; Lambert B. Coblentz, clinical
instructor in Medicine; Frank B. de-
Lemos, museum; Elizabeth Hadden,
associate librarian of University Li
braries; also Arthur Garfield Ken
nedy, professor of English Philoso
phy; Lovell Langstroth, associate
Clinical professor of Medicine; John
P. Mitchell, registrar, and professor
of Chemistry: Walter Frank Schaller,
clinical professor of Medicine (Neu
ropsychiatry): and Payson Jackson
Treat, professor of History.
