# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
BE SURE TO SEE THE
COLLECTION OF FINE
ORIENTAL
RUGS
NOW ON DISPLAY AND
SALE IN OUR STORE
Every rug is an authentic i
example of the rug weav
er's art, and the prices
are astonishingly low
[)avicl j^QeMe
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
PALO ALTO
