# CHAPPIE TO ISSUE NEW ENVELOPES FOR MAIL COPIES
## 
### 
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
Special envelopes for mailing
copies of the Chaparral will he
introduced with the next issue,
the "Family Gazette," accord
ing to Rcidar Winther, circula
tion manager. The Hammer
and Coffin, as well as the Old
Boy, arc pictured in red on the
envelope, which is just the
thing to send your family or
loved ones. Winther declares.
The "Family Gazette," out
Thursday, will present a not
able array of antiquated ma
terial and features a rococo
cover on the "Keep Away from
Them Swinging Doors" style,
done by Link Malmquist. Pic -
tures and stories in the issue
are patterned after the simple
style of journals of yesteryear,
and it promises to be one of
the most popular, according to
liiirncll Gould, editor. Harold
Oavid, business manager, re
ports a limited printing, with
a hint to eager students to se
cure their copies early.
