# OCCIDENTAL DEBATE TONIGHT
## 
### 

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.

The Occidental College debaters pictured above will uphold the reso
lution "that the nations should adopt a policy of free trade" against
Wayne A. Bannister and Joseph J. Wolfe of Stanford, at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theatre.
