# PRIZE SHIP NETS $410
## 
### 
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
The U.S.S. Essex, once finest ship
of the American battle fleet, sold
for junk recently at Superior, Wis.,
for $410.
