# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
it
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE OA 3-5161
