# MED PROF SPEAKS
## 
### 
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
Dr. Emile F. Ilulman of Stanford
School of Medicine in San Francisco
gave the presidential address before
the annual meeting of the American
Association of Thoracic Surgery in
Montreal this week.
