# Terman Offers Advice On Research, Education
## 
### 
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
How does an institution insure
its success in research or educa
tion? "By seeking out and defin
ing the points of strength it pos
sesses, then building upon and
around them,” Stanford Provost
Frederick E. Terman said yester
day at ground-breaking ceremo
nies for a new Science Research
Center in Dallas. Texas.
Terman noted that, "Commonly
such points of strength will be
little groups of two or three fac
ulty or research staff members
with related specialties, or even
single outstanding individuals.
“Once the strength points have
been evaluated a program should
be developed for capitalizing up
on them. Typically there are
space problems, seed money is
often highly desirable, and teach
ing or work loads should be ar
ranged to give those who can car
ry the burden of research the
time they require.
‘Success of the program will be
measured not in terms of the dol
lars that flow through it, but
rather upon the quality of the
people who will be spending the
dollars.”
Terman cautioned institutional
developers to be patient. “An in
stitution should limit itself to
what it can do well . . . Even
Harvard and Stanford do not at
tempt to cover every base of im
portance. At Stanford our success
has been in large measure the re
sult of concentrating on a limited
number of areas in the main
stream of importance and doing
them well.”
