# Debate Date Changed To Monday.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
At the meeting of the Intersociety
Debating League this afternoon the
date of the Sophomore-Freshman de
bate was changed from Tuesday to
Monday evening, November 23. It was
also agreed to call next week's meet
ings of the Euphronia and Nestoria
Literary Societies Monday evening
and then adjourn them to the Sopho
more-Freshman debate.
