# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
Nkxt spring's series of intercol
legiate contests is approaching.

Field-day will be held on our oval.
Tennis, which is held in the morn
ing of the same day, must be held
in the city on account of ihe bad
condition of our courts. This
means that no athlete can partici
pate in both the tennis and field
contests. It further means that
students cannot see both events.
If we had a good court here on the
campus it might be different. Our
athletes would be able to enter in
both contests, providing Berkeley
would consent to our holding the
tennis here, which would be alike
to her advantage. Our courts were
cheaply constructed by contract,
and are in a very poor condition.
They are in even ho poor n shape
that outside players refuse to come
here to play, thus cheating our
tennis men of much needed prac
tice. Berkeley does not labor under
these disadvantages. A good court
would cost about $250, would last
ten or fifteen years, and in the end
would be a saving to the student
body, an attraction to the place,
and a great help toward ft victory
over the U. C.
