# Adv. 7 Page 4
## 
### 
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
GET
ACQUAINTED
New students at Stanford
soon learn that Wilson's
serves the best food and
fountain refreshments.
For 42 years "Sticky"
Wilson (Stanford '00)
has catered to the appe
tite and sweet tooth of
discriminating students.
135 University Ave.
