# Series Speaker
## 
### 

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.

CARLETON J. H. HAYES, noted
historian, will l)c the first of the
Tuesday Evening Series speakers,
talking on totalitarian dictators.
