# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
Would you like to
see your name THIS
BIG? Or have your
ideas debated for a
whole day? If so, just
drop off your letter or
column at the Daily
office, just across from
the Terman Fountain.
