# ORGAN RECITAL.
## 
### 
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
Wednesday, October 1917.
Schubert—(a) Ave Maria, (b) Ser
enade.
Lemare —Andantino in D flat,
llach—Prelude and Fugue in M
minor.
