# Women's Conference to Stage Party Tonight
## 
### 
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
A get-togetlicr party for Stanford
women will be given tonight in the
Women's Club House at 8 o'clock, un
der the auspices of Women's Confer
ence.
A program of music and recitations
has been planned and a general good
time promised. New women especi
ally are urged to come and get ac
quainted.
