# STANFORD POETS WIN PLACE IN NEW BOOK
## 
### 
Three Stanford students, Warren F.
Lewis, Edward Strong, and Mollie Win
dish, are represented in "The Poets of
the Future," a college anthology of poetry
for 1920-1921, which can be found on
the new book shelf of the Library.
This publication, which is compiled an
nually by the Stratford Company of Bos
ton, is a collection of the best college
poems produced during the year. "Com
promise," by Miss Windish, and Lewis'
poem, "Night," appeared in the Cardinal.
Strong, author of "High Noon," is a
junior. All three students are members
of English Club, and Lewis is editor of
the Chaparral.
More than seventy colleges have con
tributed to the present volume. The Uni
versity of California is responsible for
eight poems, and other colleges on the
Pacific Coast are represented by several
authors.
