# Toyon Club Informal Bids Will Go On Sale Tonight
## 
### 
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
Bids for the Toyon Club informal
sport dance to be given Friday night,
May 24, will go on sale tonight at
7:30 o'clock in Room 22G Toyon, an
nounces Herb Wenig, club manager.
Only 100 bids will be sold and they
are available to Toyon Club members
only.
Each bid will have an engraved In
vitation with it. The dance, which is
the only one to be given by Toyon
this quarter, will feature Hawaiian
rlecorations and favors. Gordon Heche
and his Hotel Alameda Orchestra will
furnish the music for dancing and Les
Garner, dance committee chairman, is
arranging soveral between-dance fea
tures.
