# BIBLE UNION DECISION AWAITED ON STUDENT RIOTS AT DES MOINES
## 
### 
DES MOINES, la., May 14. (£>)— A
faculty member and a trustee of Des
Moines University have gone to Buf
falo, N.Y., to present to the Baptist
Bible Union convention the students'
and faculty's side of the dissension
that has shaken the school.
On the same train with these two —
Dean Earl C. Callaway and the Rev.
Minor Stevens —was Miss Edith M.
Rebman, secretary of the university
board and also of the Bible Union.
Four others left the campus last
night for their homes. They were K.
Knechtel, Morris Rose, J. F. Demp
ster, and Frank Smith, Canadian stu
dents. They were given police protec
tion to the station to prevent a re
currence of a Sunday night demonstra
tion which was the culmination of re
sentment which one faction of the
student body harbored because of a
belief that an effort was being made
to "Canadianize" the school.
