# Women's Exchange Dinner Postponed To Next Week
## 
### 
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
The exchange dinner for Stanford
women originally planned for tonight
has been postponed to next Tuesday
evening, announces Marian Strong,
chairman of the committee in charge.
The freshmen and juniors will have
dinner at Roble that evening, and the
sophomores and soniors will eat at
the various sorority houses on the
Row.
