# Hughes Assumes Post With World Court At The Hague
## 
### 
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
The Hague, May 14. (/p) —Charles
Evans Hughes, noted American jurist,
has taken his place on the World
Court at The Hague for which he was
unanimously selected some months
ago.
