# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
Stanford visitors in Berkeley Sat
urday will be served excellent lun
cheon and dinner at 2330 College
avenue, cor. Durant avenue, just a
block from the football ground.
