# SOCIAL TONIGHT
## 
### 
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
The Cosmopolitan Club social will not
begin until immediately after the concert
of the Kedroff Quartet tonight, so that
members may attend. All who wish may ,
meet at the Women's Clubhouse at 8 o'- [
clock to attend the concert in a group. j
