# Arizona Senate To Recall Colorado River Commission
## 
### 
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
PHOENIX, Arizona, March 7. (,/P) —
A resolution was introduced into the
State Senate here today by Andrew
Bettwy requesting Governor John
Phillips to recall the Arizona Colo
rado river commission from the tri
state conference at Santa Fe, N.M.
The resolution was the iirst indica
tion of Arizona's attitude toward the
Boulder Canyon dam made since ratifi
cation ot the six-day compact by Utah.
The resolution sets forth that since
the Utah action made the Swing-John
son Boulder Dam bill operative "the
further services of the Colorado legis
lative committee are deemed unneces
sary and inflective," and closes with
the request that "the governor be re
quested to immediately recall the
river commission now in session."
