# NEWS OF THE WORLD BY WIRE
## FROM UNITED PRESS SPANISH PLOTTERS SEIZED BY POLICE 
### 
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
HEN DA YE, Franco-British Frontier,
Oct. 2. —Thirty persons, including
three alleged ringleaders, have been
arrested in what is declared a wide
spread plot to assassinate King Al
fonso and Prime Minister De Rivera,
overthrow the government, and estab
lish a republic.
From confidential sources, the police
received news of plans to foment a
revolution, and without warning they
descended on various places believed
to be headquarters of the plotters. A
number of newly-made bombs were
discovered.
