# REGISTRATION FIGURES ESTABLISH NEW MARK
## 
### 
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
Registration Saturday for the fall
quarter reached a total of 327G stu
dents of which 3200 had completed
their registration. The remainder are
expected to fill the requirements to
day or tomorrow.
This figure is in excess of that of
last year which stood at 3173. The
limitod group of 450 new Lower Divi
sion men allowed to enter this quarter
has been filled.
