# WILLIAM DUNBAR WEDS
## 
### 
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
William H. K. Dunbar, '25, of Ala
meda, and Jane Mass of Los Angeles
were married at Beverly Hills this
summer. Alan Dunbar, brother of the
groom, was best man. The couple will
make their home in the Bay region.
Dunbar is a member of Chi Psi fra
ternity.
