# WILL NOT ORGANIZE ORCHESTRA WORK YET
## 
### 
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
Work in orchestra will not be or
ganized during the autumn quarter for
credit, according to Warren D. Allen,
director, hut the University orchestra
will probably take up its duties in
earnest early in January. Mr. Allen
may be interviewed any morning this
week, however, by instrumentalists
who desire to form combinations for
special purposes or are interested in
ensemble work.
