# Fielding H. Yost Retires From Coaching at Michigan
## 
### 
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
ANN ARBOR, Mich—(lP)—After
coaching football at Michigan for over
25 years, during which time he has
turned out some of the best gridiron
teams in history, Fielding H. Yost lias
announced that he will no longer coach
the gridders. He explains that he is
going to give his time to several new
athletic developments about the uni
versity, leaving the coaching to his
subalternates. He began coaching here
in mi. •«*)»»
