# TRIPS ARRANGED
## 
### 
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
Book larnin' was not all the educa
tion summer session students received.
Seven trips to points in the vicinity
of Stanford were arranged for those
students who were unacquainted with
this region.
Berkeley and the University of Cali
fornia, Lick Observatory, Half Moon
Bay and La Honda, Big Basin, San
Francisco, and Santa Cruz were in
cluded in the itinerary.
