# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
Scientists at U.C.L.A. are investigating
an asphalt bed at Carpenteria,
containing bird and mammal fossils.
