# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
Woven cloth made by Coptic Egyptians
in 3 A.U. still retains its color
and texture.
