# BINKLEY RESIGNS
## 
### 
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
Dr. Robert C. Binkley, Reference
Librarian of the Hoover War Library,
resigned his position at thet end of
July to go to the University of New
York, where he is to teach history.
Dr. Binkley, who received his Ph.D.
in history this spring, has been con
nected with the Hoover War Library
since it was established in 1919, hav
ing spent some time in Europe gather
ing war material.
Philip T. McLean, a Pomona gradu
ate, will take Dr. Binkley's place.
