# WOMEN'S GYM HEAD ANNOUNCES SCHEDULE FOR AUTUMN QUARTER
## 
### 
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
Following is the women's gymna
sium schedule for the autumn quarter,
announced by Helen Masters Bunting,
gym director:
Eleven o'clock: intermediate tennis,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; correctives,
Mondays and Wednesdays; 2 o'clock:
gymnastics and self-testing apparatus,
Fridays; correctives, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; diving, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; archery, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays;
intermediate tennis, Mondays, Tues
days, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.
Three o'clock: elementary tennis,
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and
Thursdays; 4 o'clock: elementary
dancing, Mondays and Wednesdays;
intermediate dancing, Tuesdays and
Thursdays; elementary swimming,
Tuesdays and Thursdays; intermedi
ate swimming, Mondays and Wednes
days; archery, Tuesdays and Thurs
days; freshman-senior hockey, Tues
days and Thursdays: additional prac
tice, Mondays and Wednesdays; jun
ior-sophomore hockey, Mondays and
Wednesdays, additional practice, Tues
days and Thursdays; 5 o'clock: cor
rectives, Tuesdays and Thursdays; ad
vanced dancing, Mondays and Wednes
days; advanced swimming, Tuesdays
and Thursdays.
