# DOUGHTY KILLED
## 
### 
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
Raeburn Doughty, '23, was killed in
San Francisco June 25 when a motor
cycle he was riding crashed into the
rear of a truck. Doughty was a mem
ber of the 1922 football varsity and
had taught physical education at Sac
ramento high school. At the time of
his death he was director of the Ex
celsior Playground in San Francisco.
The widow, formerly Elizabeth Bent
ley, '23, survives.
