# TOUR CANCELLATION AFFECTS PROFESSORS
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
Two Stanford professors, Dr. Henry
David Gray and Dr. Lee Emerson Bas
sett of the English and Public Speak
ing departments were affected by the
recent cancellation of the "Floating
University" cruise scheduled for this
year, on which they were to act as
instructors.
Dr. Bassett will go abroad with his
wife and daughter, leaving this week
for New York. The three will spend
some time in the south of France, go
ing from there to Italy, Germany,
Austria, and England. Dr. Bassett will
return to the campus early next sum
mer quarter.
Dr. Gray will resume his duties as
professor in English here.
