# GYM HEADS ON COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
Dr. Thomas A. Storey, director of
Encina Gym, and Miss Ruth Calvin,
acting director of Roble Gymnasium,
were chosen by N. P. Neilsen, state
superintendent of physical education,
to serve on a committee of nineteen to
make plans for the training of the
physical education personnel in Cali
fornia schools.
