# STANFORD DAMES
## 
### 
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
Miss Veronica Keegan of the Palo
Alto Library will discuss outstand
ing recent books at the meeting of
the Stanford Dames at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon. The reading group
will meet at the home of Mrs. John
Dodds, 450 El EJscarpado Avenue, on
the campus.
