# Farm Donations Near Red Cross $4,000 Goal
## 
### 
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
Yesterday's receipts pushed the
Red Cross drive $39(5.87 closer to
the $4,000 goal set for Stanford's
six-day drive.
Total collections to date reached
$3,312.27 as tardy solicitors re
ported in to the Cardinals officc
yesterday.
The Cardinals office will he open
from 3 to 4 p.m. today for Red
Cross drive solicitors to turn in
money.
