# Meet Spartans
## 
### 
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
San Jose-s best swimmer is How
ard Hays, who will probably swim
breaststroke. Under the Spartans'
weird eligibility rules, freshmen can
swim officially in varsity meets and
switch back to frosh for the freshman
meet.
Hays swam against the varsity last
Thursday night, taking the Spartans'
only second, in the breaststroke.
Hays did 2:35 for the 200-yard race,
and will race against Moore, whose
best is 2:33.
