# Market Director to Address Economists
## 
### 
Colonel Harris Weinstock, market
director of the State Commission Mar
ket of California, and authority on
the marketing of farm products, and
other phases of commerce, will be a
speaker before the Economics Club on
Wednesday evening, April 19, at the
chapel. The subject of his address
will be the "Scientific Marketing of
Farm Products." The meeting will be
open to all.
Colonel Weinstock has served on a
number of state and national commis
sions, besides being one of Cali
fornia's leading business men. He
was appointed in 1913 by Governor
Johnson on the American commission
to investigate European systems of
rural credits, and was subsequently
elected vice-president of that body.
Later in the same year he was ap
pointed by President Wilson to serve
on the Industrial Relations commit
tee. He is a member of the Economics
Club of San Francisco, and is an
author on economic subjects.
