# EX-SCHEDULES OUT.
## 
### 
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
Ex-schedules were ready for distri
bution at the Registrar's office yes
terday. The period in which examina
tions are given is six days and but
three weeks remain for preparation.
May 11 to 17 is the time set aside
for examinations exclusively.
