# English Rearmament Dims Peace
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
LONDON, Oct. 23 (TP). —Gloomy
predictions that the end of the
Italo-Ethiopian war is months, even
years away, resounded in Parlia
ment today after Prime Minister
Baldwin announced he would seek
re-election on a rearmament pro
gram.
A billion dollar defense loan to
ward this end was contemplated.
Parliament will be dissolved Fri
day, the general elections will be
held November 14, and the formal
opening of the new Parliament will
take place December 3.
