# Cornerstone-Laying Best Time for Theater Dedication
## 
### 
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
The long-planned and longer-dreamed-of
Stanford Memorial Theater, largest single con
struction project since the building of the
original University buildings, deserves an
elaborate cornerstone - laying ceremony, Ex
Committee decided Tuesday night.
Ex Commillec acted wisely in approving
preliminary plans for the ceremony. For nu
merous reasons, the cornerstone-laying will
furnish a more appropriate occasion for the
dedication than the ground-breaking, which
Comptroller Alinon E. Roth says will take
place within two weeks.
In the lirsl place, the originally planned
ground-breaking program would have to take
place on a barren, unimpressive field, whereas
the cornerstone-laving will have the actual
steel framework of the theater as its back
ground.
Facilities for handling a big crowd will be
better in February when the ground work is
completed, and the delay will give the com
mittee in charge of the ceremony ample time
to provide adequate seating, a suitable speak
er's platform, and public address equipment.
Seniors and other students, who will be un
able to attend the actual opening next fall
and who have anticipated and helped finance
the.Memorial Theater for four years, deserve
an adequate and an appropriate dedication
program, and the laying of the cornerstone
seems to oiler that opportunity.
