# One Bid for Pacific Airmail
## 
### 

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)

Postmaster General James Farley (left) shown as Juan Trlppe,
president of Pan American Airways presented the only bid for airmail
service from San Francisco to Canton, China. (Associated Press Photo)
