# The 						Stanford Daily Sporting World
## O.S.C. Coach 
### 
Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

Lon Stiner, head football coach of
the Oregon State college, made his
first bid for coaching fame when his
team in 1933 stopped the winning
streak of Southern California's Tro
jans. (Associated Press Photo)

