# Newsmen Plan To Convene On Farm Saturday
## Papers To Be Criticized By Campus Scribes 
### 
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
Papers from more than 40 high
schools will be criticized by mem
bers of Sigma Delta Chi, men's pro
fessional journalistic fraternity,
Saturday at a round table discus
sion during the annual convention
of the Central California Press As
sociation here.
These papers, with comments at
tached, will be displayed in the
geology museum during the jour
nalistic meeting. Gray Creveling,
who will head the critics, announced
that criticisms will be made tomor
row afternoon at a meeting in the
Daily office.
Advisers Will Convene
The Central California Association
of Journalism Advisers will also
meet here Saturday. A business ses
sion, luncheon, and a tea in Menlo
Park are planned for the advisers:
Press association members will
attend sectional meetings Saturday
morning following registration and
an opening session in the Little The
ater. The round table meetings and
a water carnival will be conducted in
the afternoon and the convention
will end with the annual dinner in
the Stanford Union dining room.
Jones, Bush To Talk
Bob Jones, Daily editor and Sigma
Chi president, and Chilton R. Bush,
executive head of the division of
journalism, will give the welcoming
addresses.
Sectional groups will be addressed
by Clifford F. Weigle, Stanford jour
nalism instructor; Clifford Walk, of
the Redwood City Tribune advertis
ing department; James Nute, of the
Stanford Press; and Jones. Berton J.
Ballard of the Stanford journalism
department, will conduct a round
table critical meeting for yearbook
editors.
