# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
BOXING SCHEDULE
February lfi, California at
Berkeley.
February 22, California Ag
gies at Davis.
March 2, California at Stan
ford.
March S and f), Tournament
at Sacramento.
