# "CRITERIA" AUTHORS
## 
### 
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
Author's copies of "Stanford Cri
teria" may be procured at the Daily
business office on request. Each per
son who contributed to "Stanford
Criteria" is entitled to three copies,
and extra topic s at live cents ouch.
