# PLAYS HERE TONIGHT
## 
### 

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.

Walter Gieseking, young pianist of international fame, will give a con
cert tonight in the Pavilion under the direction of the Concert Series
Critics have dubbed him the most unusual and entertaining figure in tin
field of music.
