# QUAD GROUP PICTURES
## 
### 
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
Tuesday
1 p. m . —y.W.C.A. cabinet mem
bers in the Union Court.
