# Men's Glee Club Banquet Is To Be Held Today
## 
### 
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
Approximately 45 members of the
Men's Glee Club are expected to at
tend a banquet of the club at the
Happy Garden restaurant on the high
way near San Antonio Road this eve
ning. The dinner is being held to
enable the new men in the club to
become acquainted with the older
members.
The club will meet in the rehearsal
room in the basement of the Civil
Engineering building at 6:15 o'clock
tomorrow evening for a short rehears
al before going to the banquet.
