# Kingham, Aged Employee Of Leland Stanford, Dies
## 
### 
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
John Kinghara, 83 years old, one of
the oldest employees of Governor
Leland Stanford during the railroad
construction days of the past, died
yesterday morning in the Santa Clara
County Hospital near San Jose of
heart trouble.
Ivingham, who lived in Palo Alto,
directed the job when the historic
locomotive (the first connecting east
and west) was set up for display in
the Natural History Museum on the
campus. He was a financial messenger
for Stanford and was in charge when
this locomotive was brought around
the Horn in parts and assembled here
in 1864, to be used later in transport
ing Stanford's private car and in the
construction work of the Central
Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kingham was
present at the historic ceremony at
Promontory Point, Utah, when the
"golden spike" was driven.
