# MADAME X—New Stanford Theatre.
## 
### 
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
One of the masterpieces of the
talking screen is offered for three
days at the New Stanford Theatre
starting today. It is the old heart
break drama, "Madame X," in a new
and superb presentation with Ruth
Chatterton in the leading role. It Is
one of those productions that will
carry you away for an hour of sheer
enchantment and enjoyment.
Almost everyone knows the tragic
story of Madame X, but no one could
fail to appreciate it in its latest form.
The highest standards of drama were
none too good for the makers of this
opus. Evident every moment is the
flawless direction of Lionel Barry
more. His prominence at the mega
phone is assured to be as auspicious
as his presence before the camera or
footlights.
Anything we could say of Miss
Chatterton's performance would be in
adequate praise. As the sodden, de
graded wretch who cares little where
she goes, her interpretation is abso
lutely convincing. In the powerful
final scene, she is at her very best.
If you ever decided to forego a few
hours of studying, bullsessioning, or
bridge, ma!;e it on one of the nights
that you can go to "Madame X."
—J. T.
