# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
WHITE RUBBER
RAIN COATS
$2.25
(Jelled style in pure gum
rubber. Sizes small, med
ium, large.
Other rain coats in cra
vanelted silk and wool re
versibles.
$5.95 to $17.95
\^a]sterig
Palo Alto
