# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
Universily Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
AnJ a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
