# Case Continues In Moot Court
## 
### 
The second semi-final hearing in
the Moot. Court competition of
Stanford Law School will be hold
Monday at 7:30 p.m. in the Edu
cation Auditorium when the Stan
ford Supreme Court will decide the
old opera plot involving the widow,
the mortgage, and the foreclosing
bank.
The justices will be the Honorable
John T. Nourse, presiding justice,
District Court of Appeals, and the
Honorable Alden James, judge,
Municipal Court of San Francisco.
Appearing as attorney, for the loan
company, which lost in the trial
court, will be Robert Wickersham.
The attorney for the widow, who
succeeded in- having the mortgage
cancelled in the lower court, is Rob
ert S. Stevens.
