# Red Army Halts Nazis In North; F.R. Pledges Billion to Soviet Cause
## Kremlin Gets U.S. Message On Anniversary 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
WASHINGTON, Nov. (J (UP). —
President Roosevelt, in a diplomatic
stroke of inestimable magnitude, to
night threw the nation's financial
and moral might behind Soviet Rus
sia's fight against Germany—pledg
ing $1,000,000,000 worth of war sup
plies to the Red armies and felici
tating the U.S.S.R. on the eve of the
24th anniversary of its revolution.
Mr. Roosevelt pledged the war aid
under the lend-lease program. The
details were revealed hy the State
Department which published an ex
change of letters between Mr. Roose
velt and Russian Premier Josef Stal
in, who personally arranged the gi
gantic deal.
A few minutes later, the White
House disclosed that Mr. Roosevelt
has felicitated the Soviet on the an
niversary of its revolution and con
gratulated the Russian people on
their "valiant and determined re
sistance" to the Nazi armies.
