# PH.D. EXAMINATION
## 
### 
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
Today at 2 p.m. John Poindexter
biology graduate, will take his ora
Ph.D. examination.
