# WEATHER FORECAST
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. (5 (UP).—
Weather forecast for Bay Region:
Fair with little change in tempera
ture Friday and Saturday. Light
variable wind.
