# Navy, Notre Dame Game to Be Close
## 
### 
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
BALTIMORE, Nov. G (UP).—lt'll
be the legs of Billy Busik against
the arm of Angelo Bertelli when the
Navy steams out against Notre Dame
this Saturday—but beware of a
couple of factors which turn heroes
into goats and vice versa quicker
than you can say All-American half
back.

Joseph Bradl, of Austria, is the
holder of the longest ski jump rec
ord in the world, 350 feet.
