# German Drive In South Nears Caucasian City
## 
### United Press 
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
Shattering Soviet counter-attacks
smashed into stalled German armies
northwest of Moscow and in the
Donets Basin Thursday, reportedly
gaining up to three miles, but in
the Crimea, the Germans claimed to
have laid siege to the naval base of
Sevastopol.
Axis forces claimed Sevastopol
was under both aerial and artillery
bombardment and that on the south
east coast they were pushing toward
Kerch — jumping-off place to the
Caucasus, four miles away.
RUSSIANS CLAIM
The Russians claimed the enemy
was stalled at all points except in
the Crimea, from blizzard-swept.
Murmansk to the Black Sea. Soviet
offensives near Kalinin and Volo
kolamsk, northwest of Moscow, re
portedly swept forward three miles
and recaptured several villages. A
Russian drive in the Donets aseert
edly gained new strong positions
around Gorlovska, 100 miles north
west of Rostov. At Murmansk a
blizzard had struck, making further
operations impossible and the situa
tion at besieged Leningrad was
stalemated. At Mozhaisk, 60 miles
west of Moscow, German tank as
saults reportedly were thrown back
with no gain. Fighting continued at
Tula, 110 miles south of Moscow,
and near Kursh, 280 miles south of
the Red capital, but was indecisive.
Significantly, German sources
were entirely barren of news from
the Moscow front. They spoke of
bringing Sevastopol under artillery
fire, of occupying further coastal
territory in the direction of Kerch
and of a devastating aerial bombard
ment of Soviet forces and shipping
trying to escape from the Crimean
peninsula. New Nazi air raids on
Moscow, Leningrad and Gorki were
reported and the almost daily claim
of repulsing Russian attempts to
break out of Leningrad was re
peated. German spokesmen contin
ued to parry questions regarding a
reported new German offensive
against Moscow.
STALIN BROADCASTS
Joseph Stalin, in a speech broad
cast to the world, proclaimed a war
of annihilation, without mercy,
against Germany and expressed con
fidence of eventual Russian victory
over the Reich when American and
British aid reached substantial pro
portions. He asserted that German
casualties already were 4,500,000
men compared with 1,748,000 for
Russia and that the Reich's strength
was waning while the Soviet was
just beginning to call on vast re
serves. He expressed hope that, a
"second front" would be opened
soon to take some of the pressure
off Russia.
