# PHI KAP PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Stewart Burmeister, '34
and Carl Reinemund, '34.

Dr. Martin also was professor of
International Relations at the Uni
versity of Hawaii in 1929 and Car
negie Endowment professor of In
ternational Relations in Eastern uni
versities in 1929-30. At Stanford Dr.
Martin will offer General Compara
tive Government and a seminar in
International Relations dealing with
Manchuria.
During the summer quarter no
lower division work will be given in
the political science department.
Professor Thomas S. Barclay will
give Political Parties and The Amer
ican Constitution while Professor
Graham H. Stuart will teach Prin
ciples and Problems of American
Diplomacy and The League of Na
tions.
