# MARTIN TO TEACH POLITICAL SCIENCE SUMMER QUARTER
## 
### 
Dr. Charles E. Martin, dean of the
faculty of social science at the Uni
versity of Washington, will come to
Stanford to join the faculty of the
political science department during
the summer quarter as acting pro
fessor.
Dr. Martin, who received an A.B.
and M.A. from the University of
California in 1914 and 1915, was
fellow in International Law at
Columbia University in 1916 and
1917 and received his Ph.D. from
there in 1918.
Since that time he has been Car
negie Endowment Fellow in Inter
national Law, lecturer on politics
and international law at California,
head of the political science depart
ment at the University of California
at Los Angeles, and at the Univer
sity of Washington since 1925.


Dr. Charles E. Martin
