# GREEN BEFORE LABOR COMMITTEE
## 
### 

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)

William Green (left), president of the American Federation of
Labor, is shown before the senate and house labor committees when
he voiced objection to President Roosevelt's reforestation bill in
its original form. (Associated Press Photo.)
