# TRACKMEN TO MEET
## 
### 
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
Dink Templeton requests all var
sity and frosh trackmen to be pres
ent at 7:30 o'clock tonight in room
45 of the B.A.C. Important matters
are to be discussed and motion pic
tures shown.
