# FOLK DANCING
## 
### 
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
The Education Council will spon
sor an evening of folk dancing in
the Basketball Pavilion tonight at
7:30. All students and faculty are
invited, but soft (tennis, crepe
soles, etc.) shoes must be worn.
