# JOB OPPORTUNITY
## 
### 
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
The EUCOM Exchange System,
which administers Post Exchange
activities in the European Com
mand, is desirous of employing a I

limited number of recent graduates
in the Business Administration,
Economics Commerce, and Mer
chandising fields. Initial employ
ment will be on a two years' con
tractual basis at grade EES-7
($3,250 per annum).
Applications are available at the
Placement Service.
