# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
Tonight on Close-Up there will
be two panels discussing the
current situation in the Mid
East. At 7 p.m., the "Arab
point-of-view" will feature
Professor Nabti of the Hoover
Institute. At 7:30 p.m., the
"Israeli point-of-view" will
feature Avi Nir and several
other Israeli members of the
Stanford community.
