# IL DUCE TESTS HIS NEW CAR
## 
### 

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;

Prime Minister Mussolini of Italy, at the wheel of his new sport
automobile, receives some instructions before startinq out for a prac
tice spin;
