# BENNETT VISITS WASHINGTON
## 
### 

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.

Prime Minister R. B. Bennett (left) of Canada was welcomed to
Washington by Henry L. Stimson, secretary of state, when he arrived
in the capital for an unofficial visit.
