# STANFORD COUPLEâ€™S WEDDING ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The wedding of Helen Eugenia
Nelson, '27, and Walker Marshall
Wells, '26, took place January 19 in
San Francisco, it was revealed yes
terday.
While at Stanford the bride was
active in journalism, serving on the
staff of the Daily and as women's
editor of the Quad. She belongs to
Theta Sigma Phi, the English Club,
and the League of American Pen
Women. Continuing her journalistic
interests following her graduation,
she worked on the Palo Alto Times
and handled publicity campaigns for
the San Jose community chest and
other charitable organizations.
Wells received his degree from
Stanford in botany, but is now
studying medicine and taking spe
cial work at San Jose State College.
He belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon
and the English Club, and was a
hurdler on the varsity track team.
