# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
GANTNER 6-
MATTE RN
r 1 j
vfj
VV vx
• ?S)
/ T \
//WH
/yJMff
\ \fj Cj'antner
\\ \l / SWIM Suits
\ NT
- >
To he truly
Smart
. hid realty
L 'omfortablc—
sllways Ji arc
. In extra
Gantner
Swim Suit
There's variety and
spice in change—
and what comfort to
be sure of a dry suit
to change to. When
you look at it that
way—an extra swim
suit is a necessity es
pecially when its a
Gantner—Knit to Fit
in 'the smartest lines
and fascinating col
ors. Make the va
riety complete by se
lecting entirely dif
ferent types of suits
—you can do it when
you find such clever
suits — so modestly
* priced.
$2.95 $3.95 I
$6.00
■M —■
GANTNER 6-
MATTERN
San Francisco
