# TAXATION TO REDUCE WAR PROFITS URGED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. May 21. (/Pi â€”
Heavy taxation rather than price
freezing was advocated to the War
Policies Commission today by Wal
ter S. Gifford, president of the
American Telephone and Telegraph
Company, to take the profits out of
war.
The plan for freezing all prices at
the outbreak of a conflict as pro
posed by Bernhard M. Baruch, for
mer chairman of the War Industries
Board, was highly commended, how
ever, by J. Leonard Replogle, New
York steel manufacturer.
The session was enlivened by a
verbal clash between Secretary Hur
ley and a witness who suggested the
Ward Department head had ignored
the Congressional mandate that the
commission was "to promote peace."
