# BANKERS SEEK NEW FINANCING METHODS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
WASHINGTON, May 21. (A 3 ) —
New problems of financing the gov
ernment and America's position in
international banking were discussed
by government officials today be
fore the National Association of
Mutual Savings Banks.
Undersecretary Mills of the Treas
ury said the present government
deficit raised the question of
whether some of the war taxes had
not been repealed or modified too
rapidly. He added there was "no
occasion for alarm unless it should
appear that there is a real danger
ot a series of unbalanced budgets."
Mills advocated an adjustment of
the revenue raising measures and
predicted that government expendi
tures as a whole would not be ma
terially reduced because of expan
sion demanded by the people.
