# ROYAL COUPLE TO VISIT HERE
## Japanese Prince, Princess Guests Of Dr. Swain 
### 
Prince and Princess Takamatsu of
Japan will be guests of the Univer
sity today. The royal visitors will
be entertained at luncheon by Act
ing President Robert E. Swain, and
later will inspect the University
buildings and grounds.

The Prince and Princess are very
interested in the American educa
tional system, and have expressed
a desire to inspect the dormitories
here. They will arrive from Del
Monte in the morning, and will con
tinue to San Francisco in the after
noon. The Prince and Princess are
making a honeymoon tour of the
world.
To Lunch Here
The luncheon today in their honor
is being given by President Swain in
the President's Mansion. As well as
the Prince and Princess' suite, the
Deans of most of the University de
partments and their wives will be
present.
Traveling with the royal suite is
His Excellency Sotomatsu Kato,
councillor of the Japanese embassy
in Washington, D.C., and Maxwell
Hamilton is the United States rep
resentative with the party. Hamil
ton is the assistant director of the
Asiatic Bureau in Washington. While
the Prince and Princess are in Cali
fornia Hon. Kaname Wakasugi, con
sul-general of Japan at San Fran
cisco and his wife will travel with
the party.
