# ALPHA DELT HOUSE BURNS
## 
### 
Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

Short circuling of electric wiring caused the first fraternity house
fire in more than three years when the Alpha Delta Phi house roof
ignited Wednesday noon, attracting a large crowd of onlookers.

