# Adv. 22 Page 6
## 
### 
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
[S^HSZSHSHSZSHSHSHSZSZSHSaSHSZSHSZSHSHSZSZSZ!JHSESZSHSIinSESZSHSZSHSZSSSHSHSaSES2SZSHEESZSZSHS?SHEaS2SZSaEaa
1919 QUAD
PLUS
The Best Josh Section in 20
years, new dedication, new cover,
absolutely new fraternity direc
tory, and the sororities, oh my!
On The Law Steps
In Three Weeks
JEiSESHS2SZS2S2SBSEnSHSHS2
