# Freshmen Allow Expenses To Men in Baseball Fight
## 
### 
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
Expenses incurred by members of
the Freshman Class in the freshman
sophomore baseball fight have been
allowed. The following men can get
money due them by seeing \V. A. Fer
ris, Room 10r>, Encina: Falk, Rey
nolds, CJillis, Newland, Teubner, Pat
rick, Kallam, Supple, Pepath, Parker,
Lloyd, Henry, Reinhold, Irvine, R.
Kenney, U Russell, Robinson, Tisney,
Stoltz, Larsen.
