# ALPHA OMICRON PI LEADS IN WORK AT RED CROSS ROOMS
## 
### 
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
Members of Alpha Oniicron Pi have
shown cerditable interest in this
week's Red Cross work at the
Women's Club House, 72 per cent of
them spending fifty-five hours in cut
ting and rolling bandages for our sol
diers at the front. Sixty-two per cent
of Kappa Gamma women worked
twenty-six hours; Kappa Alpha Tlieta,
33 per cent, eighteen hours; Delta
Gamma, (iU per cent, sixteen hours;
Chi Omega, 35 per cent, fourteen
hours. IJndoubtelly the women from
other houses spent time at the Red
Cross rooms, but their reports have
failed tu lie turned in to the commit
tee in charge.
The Alpha Qmicron women are like
wise being of great assistance to a
certain farmer who lives about three
miles from the isolation hospital. Due
to the great shortage of labor, it has
been impossible to hire men to pick

strawberries, and whereas this crtain
farmer had twenty-seven men to help
him with last year's crop, so far he
has been able to obtain only five. This
fact would moan disaster in several
ways, as the strawberries are rotting
on the ground, but some of Stanford's
women have gone to the rescue, and
will greatly relieve the situation.
