# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
Oar jet
fares to
Europe are
less than
any other
scheduled
airline's.
$360 through
June 15, and
you can book
anytime.
If you are 12 to 23, our
youth fare is made for
you $360 round-trip
New York-Luxembourg,
through June 15; $410
June 16through
September 15* From
Chicago. $401 through
June 15; $451 from
June 16 through
September 15 Direct
flights from New York
and Chicago to
Luxembourg in the
heart of Europe Fares
subject to government
approval. See your
travel agent, write
or call:
Icelandic Airlines,
630 Fifth Ave , N Y.,
NY. 10020
800-MsJ2l2^^^
ICELANDIC
CN
