# Adv. 57 Page 15
## 
### 
WANTED-DONORS
/ EGG DONOR \
$25,000
(Plus expenses)
Loving, educated couple seeks
compassionate egg donor, age
18-32, caucasian, 5'3"-5'9", fit,
healthy life style, cheerful
disposition, high SAT's (1400 +).
Please contact our
representative for more
information Confidentiality
respected. Email Darlene:
Darlene@surroqacvlaw.net
or Fax 1-619 443-0635
VThe Law Office of Thomas ,
Pinkerton 1-800 264-8828 S
WANTED-DONORS
/ EGG DONOR \
$25,000
(Plus expenses)
Loving, educated couple seeks
compassionate egg donor, age
18-32, caucasian, 5'3"-5'9", fit,
healthy life style, cheerful
disposition, high SAT's (1400 +).
Please contact our
representative for more
information Confidentiality
respected. Email Darlene:
Darlene@surroqacvlaw.net
or Fax 1-619 443-0635
VThe Law Office of Thomas ,
Pinkerton 1-800 264-8828 S
WANTED-DONORS
/ EGG DONOR \
$25,000
(Plus expenses)
Loving, educated couple seeks
compassionate egg donor, age
18-32, caucasian, 5'3"-5'9", fit,
healthy life style, cheerful
disposition, high SAT's (1400 +).
Please contact our
representative for more
information Confidentiality
respected. Email Darlene:
Darlene@surroqacvlaw.net
or Fax 1-619 443-0635
VThe Law Office of Thomas ,
Pinkerton 1-800 264-8828 S
WANTED-DONORS
/ EGG DONOR \
$25,000
(Plus expenses)
Loving, educated couple seeks
compassionate egg donor, age
18-32, caucasian, 5'3"-5'9", fit,
healthy life style, cheerful
disposition, high SAT's (1400 +).
Please contact our
representative for more
information Confidentiality
respected. Email Darlene:
Darlene@surroqacvlaw.net
or Fax 1-619 443-0635
VThe Law Office of Thomas ,
Pinkerton 1-800 264-8828 S
WANTED-DONORS
/ EGG DONOR \
$25,000
(Plus expenses)
Loving, educated couple seeks
compassionate egg donor, age
18-32, caucasian, 5'3"-5'9", fit,
healthy life style, cheerful
disposition, high SAT's (1400 +).
Please contact our
representative for more
information Confidentiality
respected. Email Darlene:
Darlene@surroqacvlaw.net
or Fax 1-619 443-0635
VThe Law Office of Thomas ,
Pinkerton 1-800 264-8828 S
WANTED-DONORS
/ EGG DONOR \
$25,000
(Plus expenses)
Loving, educated couple seeks
compassionate egg donor, age
18-32, caucasian, 5'3"-5'9", fit,
healthy life style, cheerful
disposition, high SAT's (1400 +).
Please contact our
representative for more
information Confidentiality
respected. Email Darlene:
Darlene@surroqacvlaw.net
or Fax 1-619 443-0635
VThe Law Office of Thomas ,
Pinkerton 1-800 264-8828 S
