# AFL Stats
## 
### 
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
Fullback Charley Tolar of the
Houston Oilers rung up 142 yards
rushing against the San Diego
Chargers to take a commanding
league lead In that category. He
has gained 286 yards in three
games. Len Dawson of Dallas
leads the passers in the AFL
