# Deans' Offices Announce Staff Reorganization
## 
### 
There are several new faces in
both the Dean of Men’s and Dean
of Women’s offices this year, in
cluding the two new positions on
the Dean of Women’s staff and
three part-time jobs created to
relieve Acting Dean of Men David
Larimer of some of the pressure
of carrying on both fraternity
business and the general over
seeing of all men’s activities.
Dean Bonnie Fitzwater, form
erly Assistant Dean of Women, is
now Associate Dean. Betsy Avery,
an R. A. at Lagunita last year,
has been appointed Assistant
Dean of Women, Miss Avery will
be concerned with student prob
lems, and will work largely with
freshmen women.
Miss Gertrude Mullhollan is
now an Assistant Dean of Women,
as well as Director of Roble Hall,
and Miss Betty Parker and Miss
Margaret Eddleman, also Resident
Assistants last year, are the new
Director and Assistant Director
of Branner.
Other changes in the Dean of
Women’s office Include the ap
pointment of Miss Alice Schaef
fer as now Director of Florence
Moore Hall, and creation of the
new post of Assistant Director
there. This job is held by Miss
Karen Talbird.
On the men’s side, John Moore
has replaced A1 Lowenstein as
Director of Stern Hall and Assist
ant Dean of Men. John Balch,
formerly Assistant Director of
Stern, has taken over Moore’s job
of Director at Stanford Village.
Tom Boysen is the new Assistant
Director at Stern.

Dean Larimer explained that
Don McCabe will have a part-time
position as Head Fraternity R.A.
and will live in the Theta Chi
House as R.A. there. Dave Rawns
ley is serving as a student coun
selor again this year, also part
time, and Bob Morris will help as
Fraternity auditor, a job which
Dean Larimer did as Assistant
Dean of Men for Fraternities last
year.
Miss Judy Starbuck has been
appointed Social Counselor, a
newly created position which, ac
cording to Dean Allen, will serve
both the Dean of Men’s and Dean
of Women’s offices. Miss Star
buck will function as a coordina
tor of student social activities,
working with the Director of the
Union, ASSU Vice-President Pris
cilla Ferguson, and all campus
social chairmen.
