# Ram's Head Open House At Union
## 
### 
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
Ram’s Head Productions, Stan
ford student dramatic group, will
hold an open house on the patio
of the Student Union over the
bowling alley for freshmen and
all interested students this after
noon from 2 to 5.
Tryouts for 1962 Big Game Gai
eties, a student-written musical
spoofing Stanford life, will be
held tomorrow, Thursday and
Friday evenings from 7 to 10.
Actors, singers, dancers, crew
members and office staff mem
bers will be auditioned on those
dates in the Back Hall and Little
Theatre of Memorial Auditorium.
Performance dates for the show,
which was written by Phil Ellis
with music by Jim Rogers and
lyrics by Susan Goodwillie, are
November 20. 21, 22 and 23. the
four evenings preceding the Big
Game.
