# Forest Fires Menace Northwest
## 
### 

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.

WITII DRY WEATHER heightening the danger of fires in the Pacific
Northwest, numerous blazes have burned over thousands of acres of
timber and brush in the past week, bringing death to- one person.
Above are shown flames leaping hundreds of feet into the air. on the
east shore of Lake Sanunanish, near Olympia. Wash.
