# Dear Perplexed
## 
### 
FOR the benefit of today's Campus Opinion
writer, The Daily makes the following dis
section which will probably make "Perplexed"
even more so:
Figures of 555 and $45 per student are taken
from the recently issued President's Report and
are in reality percentages of income, which in
its turn is spent in maintenance and operation
of Stanford's educational plant.
As to the patent assumption of the letter that
Stanford is reinstating at an abnormal rate stu
dents who have flunked out, it is true that dis
qualified students are being readmitted. But,
so they always have been and will continue to

be until a change in academic procedure is
made.
Statistics show that only 66 per cent of Stan
ford's freshmen survive until graduationâ€”a
relatively high percentage, but such a figure
does not admit of abnormal reinstatement to
secure money.
It is also true that Stanford's enrollment has
been increasing of late. It has been since 1891.
And since the academic year 1927-28, it has
increased by only 554 students, both graduate
and undergraduate. This, too, is hardly abnor
mal, but merely growth of a gradually enlarg
ing institution.
In conclusion:
Since when need Stanford be troubled by
California's quips? In Berkeley, there is more
chance of "morons" among 15,000, than on
the Farm where there are only 4,000 such
chances.
