# Newell Heads Soph Carnival
## 
### 
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
Bob Newell was selected yester
day to replace Marvin Frank as
general chairman of the Annual
Sophomore Carnival, an important
phase of the Convalescent Home
Drive, to be held on April 28.
According to Parker Kimball,
sophomore class president, Newell
has been in close contact with Frank
and is therefore familiar with the
general outline and plans for the
carnival.
Upon notification of his appoint
ment Newell said he contemplated
no changes in the committees.
At a meeting of committee heads,
announcement was made of the
various organizations that have
planned booths.
Before the depression and recent
droughts, nearly three acres of
crops were harvested per person in
the United States against'one acre
in Germany, a half in China, and a
fourth in Japan.
