# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
CALIFORNIA
THEATRE
California Ave., Palo Alto
Adults 40c
TODAY THRU THURSDAY
John Barrymore in
"THE MAN FROM
BLANKLEY'S"
An uproarous farce comedy of
English Society that reveals
America's foremost actor hs one
of tlie screen's greatest come
dians
Also
Short subjects, Comedy, Varie
ties. and News
I
______ j
