# ENTERTAINS LAW FACULTY
## 
### 
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
John A. Sellards, summer quarter
dean, entertained members of the
Stanford law faculty Wednesday eve
ning at a dinner given at bis home on
Serra street.
