# FIRE MENACES ARBORETUM
## 
### 
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
A small grass fire in the Arboretum,
Saturday, was extinguished by Chief
Robert J. Dugan and his assistants
before any great damage was done. '
Chief Dugan attributes the blaze to
the carelessness of some picnicker or
passerby. "There is a University rul
ing against parking or picknicking in
the Arboretum," lie says."It is neces
sary that those passing through the
wooded parts should be extremely
careful during these hot, dry days."
