# TROPHY POSTED FOR SUMMER QUARTER'S TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP
## 
### 
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
Approximately forty men will battle
for the tennis championship of the
summer quarter in the singles divi
sion and a score in the doubles. A
bronze placque, put up by the Tennis
Shop in Palo Alto, is to be the per
petual trophy going to the winner of
each summer quarter's singles tourna
ment, and will be on display in the
Encina gymnasium store the first part
of next week. There will be no dou
bles trophy.
Entries for the tournament closed
last night and the schedule of play
will be posted today in the men's
gym. Elwyn Bugge asks that all first
and second-round matches be played
off by Friday, July 18.
The names and addresses of the
participating players will be posted
on the bulletin board of the men's
gym and it will be up to the top
player in the bracket to get in touch
with his opponent. Final drawings will
be posted sometime today and
matches are urged to be played as
soon as possible.
