# DEAN YOST AT BISHOP FOR SIERRA CLUB TRIP
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
Dean Mary Yost, who left last Tues
day t'or a month's vacation, has ar
rived at Bishop, California, headquar
ters for the start of the Sierra Club
trip, according to word received by
her secretary, Miss Helen Huneke.
The trip is a pleasure trip, and no
definite plans for an itinerary were
to he made until the entire group had
assembled. The excursion will be made
partly on foot and partly on horse
back.
