# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
Spiders' webs, which are used in
aerial photography and surveying, are
being "cultivated" in Canada.
