# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
BAY AREA—Cloudy and ccoler (
today: tomorrow fair; moderate j
westerly wind.
