# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
Sanford B. Dole, '09, and Miss Char
lotte Kelly, '08, were married yester
day at the home of the bride in Red
lands.
