# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
Dengre has been chosen as crew
captain at Yale to fill Snowdon's res
ignation.
