# Pickup Team to Meet Palo Alto.
## 
### 
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
Squad A of the blacks, a mixed team
of Freshmen and a few men from the
upper classes will meet the rugby
team of Palo Alto high school this
afternoon on the turf at 4:30.
