# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
One hundred and thirty-four men
tried out for the University of Wis
consin band.
