# Party or 3000
## 
### 
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
There will be a free all-campus
dance and party starting at 8:30
Saturday night at Alpha Sig in the
Co well Health Center Cluster. The
band will be Banshee and there will
be beer.
