# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.

Associated Pre^s
Beautiful balloon
This helium balloon with a gondola was designed by Japanese
balloonist Fumia Niwa. Scheduled to be launched today, the
balloon is hoped to carry Niwa across the Pacific Ocean from
Yokohama, Japan to San Diego in about four days.
