# MEEDROTH TO TALK TO ENGINEERING MAJORS
## 
### 
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
l "Concrete Roads" will be discussed
Jin a lecture to be delivered by A. J.
Meidroth, district engineer of the
Portland Cement Company of San
Francisco, Friday afternoon at 3
j o'clock in Room 253, Engineering
building.
The lecture will not be of a strictly
technical character and the general
public is invited to hear it. All en
gineering students especially are urged
to attend.
