# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
Order Your Christ
mas Cards Now
We carry the best- and most
complete line in town. Cards
of all types to suit your taste.
W. E. Neilson Cr Son
Publishers and Commercial
Printers
632 Emerson St. P.A. 771 1
$2 5 °°
REWARD
for any
Watch or Clock
that wi fail
to repair
GLEIM
The Jeweler,
t66 University Ava,
*hon« Palo Alto WH
GASH PAID FOB
OLD GOLD AND ULTOB
NOW S THE
TIME
For you to join with over
100 other Stanford men
and women who are nowi
enjoying the pleasure of
flying. Don't fail to get
in on some of this great
sport. You'll enjoy it. And
costs are lower than ever
before. Visit the Palo Alto
Airport today.
TRIAL LESSON
$1.50
1 5 minutes in the air with
an expert instructor who
will first show you "how"
—and then let you try it
yourself. A splendid op
portunity to "see how it
feels." Come on out today
y*.
Palo Alto School of
Aviation
Palo Alto Airport
Near Yacht Harbor
