# List To Be Posted In Debate Tourney
## 
### 
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
Pairings will be announced today
outside Room 200C for the Inter
squad debate tournament which will
start tomorrow. The contests will be
on the Pi Kappa Delta question,
"Resolved, that the National Labor
Relations Board should be empow
ered to enforce arbitration of all
labor disputes."
In addition to the squad meet,
tryouts for the Denver tournament
will be held Thursday from 3 to 5
o'clock in Room 202. Participants
will give extemporaneous, debate,
and panel discussion speeches on the
same question.
