# A. F.L. Peace Delegates To Have 'Open Minds'
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24, (U.R).â€”
President William Green tonight in
formed the three American Federa
tion of Labor delegates to labor's
critical peace conference here to
morrow that they are "bound by no
prior commitments or pledges" in
their efforts to reach a truce with
the Committee for Industrial Or
ganization.
Green's delegates and ten repre
senting the C.1.0. are scheduled to
sit down together at a council table
tomorrow to discuss means of re
uniting 7,300.000 American working
men and women whose split over
organizational methods has kept the
nation's economic structure in tur
moil for 23 months.
Green Is Hopeful
After a secret meeting with the
three-man committee at which the
Federation president issued final in
structions, Green said his followers
"earnestly hope and believe that the
negotiations can result in the resto

ration of a united labor movement."
C.1.0. Chairman John L. Lewis, in
formed of Green's statement, de
clined comment, but indicated he
objected to its stipulation that uni
fication of American labor be ac
complished under the Federation's
banner.
Despite an undercurrent of pes
simism which prevailed in the pri
vate conversations of labor leaders,
both sides issued "hopeful" state
ments tonight.
Statements Issued
Green said:
"Our committee will enter tomor
row's conference with open minds.
"Our committee will be bound by
no prior commitments or pledges.
It will be entirely free and unre
stricted in its efforts to work out a
settlement. We are sincerely desir
ous of peace.
"We welcome this first move on
the part of those who have left us
to come back."
The success or failure of the par
ley is believed to hinge on the ques
tion of industrial unionism.
