# Wilbur To Attend World Group Meet
## 
### 
Stanford University has been in
cluded among the 21 leading west
ern institutions to take part in the
fifteenth annual Institute of World
Affairs in Beverly Hills December
12 to 17, according to Miss Lillian B.
Getty, secretary.
Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, who is a
member of the board of advisors of
the Institute, is one of the several
hundred prominent educators, gov
ernment officials, and business exec
utives who will take part in the
six-day conclave under the direc
tion of Dr. R. B. von Kleinsmid,
president of the University of
Southern California and chancellor
of the Institute. European prob
lems, American neutrality, and Pan-
Americanism are included in the
subjects for evening lectures and
panel discussions.
