# Second, Third Net Rounds Due Friday
## 
### 
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
All second and third round
matches in the Hahn Novice Tennis
Tournament must be played by next
Friday or the lower participant in
each bracket will be defaulted, ac
cording to Ed Bamett, varsity ten
nis manager.
Players who failed to make ar
rangements for their matches last
week have been defaulted and the
new schedule of matches is posted
on the bulletin board in the Encina
Gym.
