# Anderson's Play Scores in Reading
## 
### 
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
Political graft in Washington was
the keynote of a brisk, able i-eading
of Maxwell Anderson's "Both Your
Houses," presented before a crowd
ed Little Theater last Thursday
night by the new dramatic society.
The frank expose of corruption in
the national government was well
suited for presentation as a reading
because the dramatic force of the
plot was called from punch-laden
lines rather than action.
Outstanding was Peter Simmons,
new to the Stanford stage, as an
idealistic young congressman set to
rupture the web of legislative lar
ceny. Bob Ireland won laughs and
applause reading the role of Solo
mon Fitzmaurice, old time politician
with whiskey breath and Bowery
brogue.
Others who contributed to a well
paced performance were Bud Cady,
Janet Dole, Dan Holtom, Kay Camp
bell, Dorothy Brookman, and Curtis
Barnes.
