# Officials See Shortage Of Skilled Labor
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
WASHINGTON, May 10 (ff). —
Government Housing Officials said
today a country-wide .surge in home
construction this spring had created
a strong demand for skilled labor,
presenting the possibility of an
"acute" shortage if the present up
swing continues.
Bulwarking their observations
with individual reports from repre
sentatives in a dozen state, Federal
Housing Administration experts as
serted that mounting construction
levels "have shown a decidedly
beneficial effect on employment" re
sulting in "a scarcity of skilled la
bor, particularly bricklayers and
carpenters."
