# Co-op Association Elects New Officers
## 
### 
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
Wayne Richardson, Delta Chi, w;r.
elected president of the Co-op, offi
cially known as the Students' Co
operative Purchasing Association,
for the coming year at a meeting of
the association in the Old Union
lobby last week.
Other officers elected at the meet
ing were: Mort D'Evelyn, Sigma
Chi, vice-president; and Robinet
Fisher, Chi Omega, secretary-treas
urer.
