# Sob Sisters Eject Men, Hold Sway Over Daily Shack
## 
### 
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
Once a year sob sisters take over control of
The Daily, and men are barred from the Shack.
Laboring under the difficulties of reduced num
bers and unaccustomed jobs, the women have
endeavored to put out a paper that will stack
up favorably with the combined efforts of a
complete staff.
