# Candidate
## 
### 

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.

THE YEAR'S BIG UPSET in
politics occurred Friday when
Esther Pelton was nominated
for A.S.S.U. vice-president by
an overwhelming majority.
