# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Arrangements have been almost I
completed for the preliminary de-!
hates. The first one of the three |
will take place Tuesday night of
next week and the other two will'
follow in .close succession. Morel
interest is being taken in debate
this year both at Stanford and
Berkeley than ever before. Berke
ley is counting on winning the in
tercollegiate debate and thereby j
retrieving the laurels she lost on j
7
Thanksgiving day. A victory this
year would give Berkeley the much
coveted cup. Stanford is hoping to!
prevent her rival from securing
this trophy. The work of the de-!
haters from the two universities
will be watched with great interest!
from now until the final decision '
of the judges gives victory to one or i
the other.
Arrangements have been almost I
completed for the preliminary de-!
hates. The first one of the three |
will take place Tuesday night of
next week and the other two will'
follow in .close succession. Morel
interest is being taken in debate
this year both at Stanford and
Berkeley than ever before. Berke
ley is counting on winning the in
tercollegiate debate and thereby j
retrieving the laurels she lost on j
7
Thanksgiving day. A victory this
year would give Berkeley the much
coveted cup. Stanford is hoping to!
prevent her rival from securing
this trophy. The work of the de-!
haters from the two universities
will be watched with great interest!
from now until the final decision '
of the judges gives victory to one or i
the other.
Arrangements have been almost I
completed for the preliminary de-!
hates. The first one of the three |
will take place Tuesday night of
next week and the other two will'
follow in .close succession. Morel
interest is being taken in debate
this year both at Stanford and
Berkeley than ever before. Berke
ley is counting on winning the in
tercollegiate debate and thereby j
retrieving the laurels she lost on j
7
Thanksgiving day. A victory this
year would give Berkeley the much
coveted cup. Stanford is hoping to!
prevent her rival from securing
this trophy. The work of the de-!
haters from the two universities
will be watched with great interest!
from now until the final decision '
of the judges gives victory to one or i
the other.
Arrangements have been almost I
completed for the preliminary de-!
hates. The first one of the three |
will take place Tuesday night of
next week and the other two will'
follow in .close succession. Morel
interest is being taken in debate
this year both at Stanford and
Berkeley than ever before. Berke
ley is counting on winning the in
tercollegiate debate and thereby j
retrieving the laurels she lost on j
7
Thanksgiving day. A victory this
year would give Berkeley the much
coveted cup. Stanford is hoping to!
prevent her rival from securing
this trophy. The work of the de-!
haters from the two universities
will be watched with great interest!
from now until the final decision '
of the judges gives victory to one or i
the other.
Arrangements have been almost I
completed for the preliminary de-!
hates. The first one of the three |
will take place Tuesday night of
next week and the other two will'
follow in .close succession. Morel
interest is being taken in debate
this year both at Stanford and
Berkeley than ever before. Berke
ley is counting on winning the in
tercollegiate debate and thereby j
retrieving the laurels she lost on j
7
Thanksgiving day. A victory this
year would give Berkeley the much
coveted cup. Stanford is hoping to!
prevent her rival from securing
this trophy. The work of the de-!
haters from the two universities
will be watched with great interest!
from now until the final decision '
of the judges gives victory to one or i
the other.
