# Boxers Leave For Friday's Cougar Go
## 
### 
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
Eight members of the boxing
team left yesterday afternoon for
Pullman, Washington, where they
will take on Washington State pu
gilists Friday night. Pullman is in
the Inland Empix-e, near Spokane,
about 400 miles east of Seattle.
Boxers are Charles Inouye, Ralph
Purdy, Captain Dick Winzler, Ed
Shuck, John Pease, Sims deVeuve,
Barney Greenlee, and John Fowler.
