# Stanford To Host 1966 Model UN
## 
### 
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
Stanford has been selected to
ho tho host school for Iho 1966
Model United Nalions. A) a re
cent meelinff of Iho Model U.N.
in Whitworlh, Washington. Sinn
lord was chosen over Hawaii,
after Colorado had boon elimi
nated in a close contest.
The annual conference involves
115 schools from every stale in
tho Far West and its location is
selected two years in advance.
(Next year's conferences 1o he
held at Claremont.)
The 1966 conference hosted by
Stanford will hold all its meet
ings, including the General As
sembly's, at the San Francisco
Hilton hotel.
This will be the conference's
sixteenth session.
M.U.N, is an independent col
legiate organization with all of
the committees and councils of
the U.N. Secretariat positions are
open now for anyone interested
in working on lire conference.
Some of the positions have finan
cial compensation.
There will be a meeting next
week in Tresidder for all stu
dents wishing to apply for secre
tariat organizations. For more
I information call Stuart Novick
at the ATO House, 321-1586.
