# Summer ASSU
## 
### 
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
Students interested in serv
inff on Summer CASSU or ex
ecutive Board may sign up in
(lie ASSU Office before 5:00
p.m. tomorrow.
