# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Saturday.
I'alo Alto High School vs. San
Jose Normal, campus, 2 p.m.
Freshman vs. Santa Clara College,
campus, 3:3Q p.t.».
Greek Club meets at Professor Mil
ler's, 7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
I'alo Alto High School vs. San
Jose Normal, campus, 2 p.m.
Freshman vs. Santa Clara College,
campus, 3:3Q p.t.».
Greek Club meets at Professor Mil
ler's, 7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
I'alo Alto High School vs. San
Jose Normal, campus, 2 p.m.
Freshman vs. Santa Clara College,
campus, 3:3Q p.t.».
Greek Club meets at Professor Mil
ler's, 7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
I'alo Alto High School vs. San
Jose Normal, campus, 2 p.m.
Freshman vs. Santa Clara College,
campus, 3:3Q p.t.».
Greek Club meets at Professor Mil
ler's, 7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
I'alo Alto High School vs. San
Jose Normal, campus, 2 p.m.
Freshman vs. Santa Clara College,
campus, 3:3Q p.t.».
Greek Club meets at Professor Mil
ler's, 7:30 p.m.
Saturday.
I'alo Alto High School vs. San
Jose Normal, campus, 2 p.m.
Freshman vs. Santa Clara College,
campus, 3:3Q p.t.».
Greek Club meets at Professor Mil
ler's, 7:30 p.m.
