# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
Miss Anita Hobb, '13, spent the
week-end on the campus, to attend
the meeting of the California and
Stanford physics majors Saturday af
ternoon. Miss Hobb holds a position
in the Santa Rosa High school this
year.
