# WHEATLY ELECTED BASKETBALL CAPTAIN
## Chosen To Succeed Blodget After Game With California Last Saturday 
### 
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
W. R. Whcatly, '17, was elected cap
tain of basketball, last Saturday eve
ning, after the game with California,
lie takes the place of W. B. Blodget,
*15, who has left for the south, fol
lowing his graduation from Stanford,
and will lead the Cardinal quintet
through the remainder of the season.
Wheatly made his block "S" in the
track meet with California last year,
winning half a point in the high
jump. He also played on the basket
ball team, making his circle "S," and
won tlie heavyweight boxing cham
pionship in the intercollege tourna
ment. lie is a member of the Execu
tive Committee and his fraternity is
Kappa Sigma.
