# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
Just arrived — a colorful
array of fall sweaters.
Pullover styles are $2.95
and more. Leather-but
toned coat model sweat
ers as low as $5.
PHELPS TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
