# FICKLE HUSKY
## 
### 
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
Military-minded Bill Bufkin, who
starred at halfback for University
of Washington last year, enrolled at
West Point this fall. Discouraged
with army life, Bufkin returned to
Seattle last week, found his Eastern
jaunt will prevent him from playing
foi the Huskies this year. Edict, was
announced by H. M. Willett (U.S.C.),
Pacific Coast Conference president.
The Hitler salute is the rule of all
sports associations in Germany.
