# Isolate Japan?
## 
### 
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
Incognito traveling Maxim Litvi
nofT, Russian foreign commissar,
soon arriving in Washington, may
try to reach an understanding with
Roosevelt regarding Japan, if recog
nition plans go through.
Avowedly and seemingly peace
seeking Russia fears outright seiz
ure of the Chinese Eastern Railway
by Tokyo. Russia had tendered an
offer to sell the railroad to Mail
chukuo, which she feels Japan i
gummed up.
Position of both U.S. and Russia j
in regard to Japan should be
strengthened by normal relations be
tween the two former countries, So
viets feel.
