# LANGUAGE STUDENTS ENTERTAIN VISITORS AT SPECIAL DINNER
## 
### 
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
Foreign language tables at the Stan
ford Union have had two special din
ners this week. The first, Monday
night, was a surprise for Julia Bro
quet, hostess of the French table, and
was arranged in celebration of the
French national holiday of July 14.
French songs and table decorations of
flags made the affair a festive one.
Tuesday night the Spanish table en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Damaso Alonso
from Madrid. Dr. Alonso, visiting pro
fessor of Spanish, in recent years has
been lecturer in Spanish literature in
the universities of Berlin and Cam
bridge. Decorations were in the Span
ish colors and Spanish songs were
sung.
Both the Spanish and the French
tables are working on plays. The
Spanish table play, "Puebla de las
Mujerea," will be presented in the
Little Theatre at 8:15 o'clock Wed
nesday evening, July 24.
