# TOYON SPORT DANCE TO BE BIG FEATURE OF WEEK-END
## Bids For Annual Summer Affair on Sale at Door—Mitchell Colorful Decorations Will Be Emphasized by Special Light Effects 
### 
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
Tomorrow night the Toyon Club will
make its debut into summer quarter
social activity as sponsor of the All-
University sport informal at Toyon
clubroom.
Two weeks of preparation have been
spent by the committee in charge of
the dance, assisted by members of
Toyon Club, until final arrangements
-are complete.
Bids at Door
Manager Roy Mitchell announced
laid night that the number of unsold
bids for the dance was sufficient to
insure admittance to those who have
not had a previous opportunity to se
cure them. The bids, at $2.50 per cou
ple, will be sold at the door tomorrow
evening.
Jim Glidden, leading the orchestra
from the Hotel Benjamin Franklin of
San Mateo, will provide the music—
including some newly harmonized
numbers.
Decorations, planned by the dance
committee working under Chairman
Dick Holt, will be an outstanding fea
ture of the evening. Color, represented
in greens, flowers, and potted trees —
emphasized by the special lighting ar
rangements —will transform the room,
already known as one of the hand
somest club lounges in the country.
500 Balloons Ready
Multi-colored balloons, floating into
the hands of the dancers, will be one
of the specialties of the program.
Five hundred balloons, suspended from
the ceiling, will be dropped at once
into the crowd.
The dance, main social event of the
.summer quarter, is annually given by
Toyon Club.
