# SEEKERS OF HOOVER HOME ARE DIRECTED BY WEARY STUDENTS
## 
### 
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
i nat impressive mansion ou
Lagunita Knoll is not President
Hoover's h,qme, although many
visitors leave the campus un
aware of this fact. Neither does
Mr. Hoover live in Encina Hall,
or the Museum, although some
facetious students, wearied of
the endless inquiries of beaming
motorists, have directed the curi
ous ones to these places. More
abrupt students, in answer to the
question, "Where does Hoover
live?" have replied, "In Washing
ton, D.C."
Some better-natured campus
dwellers —if informed on the sub
ject—obligingly direct the tour
ists to Santa Ynez (this being
pronounced "Santa Ee-nay," or
"Santa Wy-nez," or any other
way) and "up the hill —you can't
miss it" —with appropriate vague
gestures.
