# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
Douglass Cater — journalist, author,
lecturer and former government
official — analyzes the Watergate tape
transcripts today in the Daily. See
page five.
