# Junior Dance To Be Given Night Of Pittsburgh Game
## 
### 
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
Announcement to the effect that the
Junior Class will give a dance in the
Pavilion the night of the Stanford-
Pittsburgh game has been made by Dan
Gage, class manager. Arrangements are
being made to have the best music for the
evening that can be obtained. A com
mittee to take charge of the dance will
be appointed at an early date.
The dance will be a regular 9 to 12
affair and an admission of $1 will be
charged.
