# Bar Exam Statistics Include Non-Grads
## 
### 
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
Dean Marion R. Kirkwood of the
law school reports that the 33 Stan
ford law students recently listed as
passing the California bar examina
tions also included a number of
non-graduates. The statistical in
formation released recently is not
restricted to graduates but includes
all students allocated for the first
time by the State Bar to the respec
tive schools.
