# WOMEN PREPARING FOR COMING ACQUATIC SEASON.
## 
### 
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
Plans for the coming season were
discussed and acted upon by the Wo
men's Boat Club at the meeting Thurs
day afternoon. Repairs are to be made
upon the pleasure boats owned by the
club, and the boathouse is to be re
novated.
The new women's shell is to bo pur
chased this semester. By next year
the women hope to have another simi
lar craft, so that races can be held.
Instruction in rowing is to be given
in Roble Gymnasium, which has pro
vided for four rowing machines.
Rules regulating the use of the
boats, and swimming are to be drawn
ui> by a committee appointed Thurs
day by Miss Ruth Price. '14, manager
of the club.
