# Doctor Gardner to Preach Sunday.
## 
### 
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
Services will be held at the I Diver
sity Chapel Sunday, January 10 at 11
o'clock. Rev. Charles Gardner will
preach. Following the regular service
there will be a celebration of the
Lord's' Supper. 55
