# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
WHY
DON'T
YOU?
by
Daisy Day
*
. . . boost your hot weath
er morale in a refreshingly
cool beige airtone â€” like
linen . . . with a tightly
fitting bodice embroidered
with peasant hearts and
flowers, a low waist line
marked by a wide red
band. The skirt is full,
the sleeves are short, the
neck is high and round.
$14.95.
If you're looking for
that summer coat to
throw over anything from
tennis dresses to formats
here is your prize. In soft
pastel wool, short, straight
with a little boy collar,
patch pockets, and silver
buttons. Ready, willing,
and able to fill any re
quirement. $14.95
538 RAMON A
