# Dean of Women Addresses Club
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
Dean Mary Yost told the Mothers'
Club Tuesday afternoon that the
unrest and troubled conditions of
the world today are reflected in the
nervous tension of the average stu
dent.
Discussing the problems of the
college student today, Miss Yost
urged parents to set an example to
their children by remaining calm and
poised and by maintaining a sane and
balanced atmosphere in the home,
since most students feel that they
face a future of uncertainty and
insecurity.
It was announced during the bus
iness meeting that nearly fifteen
hundred dollars had been raised at
the Golden Jubilee Tea, held re
cently by the Mothers' Club on the
Stanford campus.
The proceeds are for the benefit
of the Stanford Mothers' Student
Welfare Fund, and also are to be
used for the awarding of two schol
arships for the coming school year.
These scholarships, one for a Stan
ford man and one for a Stanford
woman, are being given by the
Mothers' Club in honor of Stanford's
fiftieth anniversary.
