# Dr. Buck Returns To Stanford Post
## 
### 
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
Dr. Philip Buck, of the political
science department, who has been 011
leave of absence in the East doing
research work, will return to the
Farm this week-end.
