# Untitled Article
## 
### 

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.

GEORGE C. Atkinson, 12, of
Cherry Lawn, N.J., has had
his name put on file as a
candidate for the Army Air
Corps. He has to be 21; so
he is on the waiting list un
til 1950. He wants to be an
officer.
