# MILLER IN SAN JOSE
## 
### 
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
Glenn Miller and his band will play
a one-night stand at the San Jose
Civic Auditorium next Monday eve
ning. Tickets will be on sale at the
door for $1.10.
In 1900 the editor and business
manager of the Quad were sopho
mores.
