# List of Teachers Is Now Complete
## 
### 
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
Omitted from the list of visiting
teachers in the last issue of The
Stanford Daily were the following
demonstration teachers in the School
of Education: Miss Mary Evans, Mr.
Mark Jennings, Miss Esther Mickel
son, Mr. Eason Monroe, Miss Eliza
beth Sparhawk, and Miss Leila
Taggarty.
In the Speech and Drama Division
the names of the following teaching
assistants were also omitted: Mrs.
Hazel G. Robertson, Miss Louise
Marie iLnton, Miss Hazel Brain, Mr.
Virgil Bergman, and Mr. Wendell
Johnson.
