# Adv. 20 Page 11
## 
### 
Have an opinion?
Apply to be a columnist or
an edit board member.
Columnist submissions due at
the Daily by lues., 5 p.m.
Contact Ritu at 5-2100 if
interested in edit board.
Have an opinion?
Apply to be a columnist or
an edit board member.
Columnist submissions due at
the Daily by lues., 5 p.m.
Contact Ritu at 5-2100 if
interested in edit board.
Have an opinion?
Apply to be a columnist or
an edit board member.
Columnist submissions due at
the Daily by lues., 5 p.m.
Contact Ritu at 5-2100 if
interested in edit board.
Have an opinion?
Apply to be a columnist or
an edit board member.
Columnist submissions due at
the Daily by lues., 5 p.m.
Contact Ritu at 5-2100 if
interested in edit board.
Have an opinion?
Apply to be a columnist or
an edit board member.
Columnist submissions due at
the Daily by lues., 5 p.m.
Contact Ritu at 5-2100 if
interested in edit board.
Have an opinion?
Apply to be a columnist or
an edit board member.
Columnist submissions due at
the Daily by lues., 5 p.m.
Contact Ritu at 5-2100 if
interested in edit board.
