# KZSU Programs To Begin Monday
## 
### 
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
KZ.SU, Stanford radio station,
will begin broadcasting its regu
lar series of programs on Mon
day. Some programs may be
broadcast at intervals during the
weekend, according to a KZSU of
ficial.
