# Lake Area Held For Instruction
## 
### 
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
Searsville Lake anrl the approx
imately 7000 acres of land adjoin
ing Jasper Ridge in the Stanford
land holding have been reserved
by the University for educational
uses.
The lake and the rugged, wood
ed terrain provide a natural labo
ratory for instruction and re
search in the biological sciences.
This action increases the educa
tional reserve to approximately
4500 acres. It leaves more than
4000 acres of Stanford property
for the land development pro
gram, under which segments are
being leased to light industrial,
commercial and professional - ad
ministrative tenants. Residential
areas are also planned.
Recreational use of Scarsvillc
Lake will continue.
