# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
5 194
A GOOD
NUMBER TO
REMEMBER
5 194
—for toiletries, drugs and
health supplies
—for prompt, profes
sional prescription
compounding
—for quick free delivery
service when needed
REMEMBER TO CALL
PALO ALTO 5194
'
UNIVERSITY
P HA R MACY
134 University Avenue
(Opposite Wilson's)
