# RE-ENACTING OF OPENING ON QUAD
## 
### 

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.

(UPPER) John W. Dodds. as Dav
id Starr Jordan, speaks in Friday
night re-enactment of Stanford's
founding 50 years ago. At far
light is Atha Parker as Mrs. Stan
ford and next to her is A. Grove
Day as Senator Stanford. (Lower)
Charles K. Field. '95. nationally
known radio man and nrominent
Stanford poet, escorts Mrs. David
Starr Jcrdan through the Quad.
