# FAIR WEATHER FORECAST
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP).—
Weather forecast: Sun Francisco Bay
region—fair and mild Monday and
Tuesday; moderate westerly wind in
afternoon.
