# PETITION LATE LEAVES
## 
### 
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
All petitions for B average late
leaves must be turned in to the
Women's Council office by 2 o'clock
this afternoon, according to Dede
DeFriest.
