# BOOTH SCHEDULE
## 
### 
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
Girls who sell stamps in the War
Bond Booth will resume the regular
schedules on Monday according to
Carol Hurwitz, War Board chair
man.
