# Opera Cast Dance Will Afford Opportunity to View Stage Celebrities
## 
### 
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
Did you ever want to touch a real,
live, famous actor or actress? Well,
here's your chance. After the Opera is
over, a shindig, or cast dance, as we
should say, of all the famous person
ages, such as Lloyd Nolan, "Hock"
Chalmers, Aileene Burks, Marjorie
Allen, and all the chorus girls, with
still a few traces of grease-paint be
hind their ears, will be held in the
Women's Clubhouse from 10:30 to 12
o'clock.
Think of being able to rub shoulders
with the actors you have seen on the
stage. The Alabaster-Mertz combina
tion will syncopate to the tune of 75
cents a couple, single or married.
