# Who's Who On Card Baseball Squad
## "BUS" McCANDLESS 
### 
That's the name of the fence buster
extraordinary who performs in the out
field on the Cardinal varsity. "Bus"
played for four years on the Ingle wood
Union high school baseball team before
coming to Stanford.
McCandless divided his time between
first base and the outfield for the first
three years of his prep school playing.
In his last year he was named captain
and was switched to first for a steady
occupation.
Arriving at Stanford. "Bus" reported
for duty and was assigned to a birth in
right field where he played for the '25
frosh team.
McCandless crashed through with
six hits in the Bear-Card series just
closed and did his share toward defeat
ing California. He is eligible for ofie
more year of varsity ball. "Bus" is six
feet one inch tall, weighs 180 pounds
and bats and throws right handed.
