# SWOPSI Job
## 
### 
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
Applications are now being accepted
for the position of director of the
Stanford Workshops on Political and
Social Issues (SWOPSI), for the
academic year 1971-72. The position is
half-time for 13 months beginning June
1971. Applications can be picked up in
the SWOPSI office, 590 A Old Union.
