# Auditions Set For 'Carnival'
## 
### 
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
Tryouts will be held this week
for "Carnival," the Spring show
of Ram's Head.
Tryouts will be at 7:30 Wed
nesday, Thursday and Friday
(Feb. 28, 29, 30) in rooms 129
and 205 of Memorial Auditor
ium.
Performers will be screened
by "Carnival" director Bob Mor
gan, choral director Bill Gra
ham, choreographer Stephanie
Kelvin, and musical director
Fred Berry.
Special tryouts for gymnasts,
acrobats, and jugglers will be
held at 4 p.m. Tuesday in En
cina Gymnasium.
