# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
Alpha Oniicron Pi announces the
pledging of Marianne Allen, '38.
