# NEWLYWEDS AT HOME
## 
### 

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)

Mr. and Mrs. John Boettingcr posed lor this picture in the New York
home of President Roosevelt. They have just returned from a shorl
honeymoon trip. Mrs. Boettinger is the former Anna Roosevelt Dall
daughter of Prevrlent Roosevelt. (Associated Press photo.)
