# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


ACROSS
1 Head covering
6 High poker pair
10 Lobbying group
for 50-and-overs
14 Peripheral
15 Casual good-bye
16 XIX x 111
17 What an
inflammatory
statement is
intended to do
20 Long hauler
21 Medical research
org.
22 Weekly check
time
23 Batter's stickum
25 Bunsen burner,
e.g.
29 Scrape off
33 Despise
34 Little stream
36 Lost film fish
38 What a
restraining order
is designed to do
41 Deserve
42 Make-meet link
43 A-lister
44 Interlocks
46 Meetings of lips
47 Rodeo shouts
50 Moon of Jupiter
54 Nest egg letters
55 Color tones
59 What a band PR
man is paid to do
62 Schools of
thought
63 Lodge fellows
64 Heart, e.g.
65 Winery container
66 Go up
67 December tunes
DOWN
1 Soaks (up)
2 Antidote
3 Basic building
block
4 Jeans pioneer
Strauss
5 With "and" and
61-Down, both
sides (and this
puzzle's title)
6 Had home
cooking
7 Secret stockpile
8 Ike's WWII
command

9 Author of
muchas
epistolas
10 Colleague in
combat
11 Fanatical
12 Costa
13 Commiserate
with
18 Wrinkle, as one's
brow
19"M*A*S*H"actor
Jamie
23 Scope prefix, in
subs
24 Soapstones
25 Stare in wonder
26 Garfield's middle
name
27 Land by the sea
2 Hopkins
University
30 Payments for
hands
31 Real bargains
32 Ceremony
facilitator
34 Dishwashing
step
35" be a shame
if..."
37 Places to pick
your pony, for
short

39 Bird that dines on
stinging insects
40 CBS military
drama
45 Insulin deliverer
46 Two-time
Olympic skating
medalist Michelle
48 Country
bumpkins
49"... /By any
other name..."
50 Like some poetry

51 Bear in the night
sky
52 CD- : computer
inserts
53 Trans-Siberian
Railway city
55 Damsel's savior
56 Yen
57 Catchall abbr.
58 Personnel IDs
60 New Haven Ivy
Leaguer
61 Sees-Down

By Dave Sarpola 4/26/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 4/26/11


