# Luncheon Club To Hear Minister
## 
### 
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
Dr. Frederic Griflen, of the First
Unitarian Church of Philadelphia,
Vvill speak on "Two Heretics: Tom
Paine and Joseph Priestly" at to
day's meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon Club at noon in the Wom
en's Clubhouse.
"Dr. GrifTen," says the Rev. D. El
ton Trueblood, Stanford chaplain
and club adviser, "is a speaker who
can make heretics even more ap
pealing than most students think
they are."
Meetings of the Luncheon Club are
open to all students and members of
the faculty. Cost of the luncheon,
which includes sandwiches, pie, and
milk or coffee, is 25 cents.
