# TOYON ELECTS OFFICERS
## 
### 
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
Stan Zimet was elected president
of Toyon Hall in tlie Monday night
elections. Jack Ellis was elected
vice-president and A1 Horn was
named as secretary.
