# TAX INCLUDED?
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
The Editor, Sir:
Opinions may, and apparently do,
differ widely on the general policy
of Volume 91 of The Daily and its
methods of presenting the news.
There is only one feature that I find
uniformly deplorable, that, being the
film reviews. Still, up to the present,
the reviewer has at any rate appar
ently seen the films, which surely
cannot be true of Alward in today's
edition. Establishing an all-time
low, he not only mangles the plot
but utterly confuses the sequence.
Theodora only went to New York,
Alward, AFTER hearing her novel
condemned by Lynn's literary soci
ety. But, Mr. Editor, my sympathy is
roused and in this letter you will
find the sum of 35 cents to be de
voted to buying Alward a ticket to
the show. It really is too good to
miss. If he is too hardened a filmo
phobe, the money may go to some
deserving charity— not for drinks for
Alward.
Donald the Duck
