# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
!o a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryont 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
