# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
Letters to the editor should
not be longer than 300 words
and are subject to being" cut.
Shorter letters are given pre
ferential treatment. Eetters
should be typewritten, doubled
spaced and 011 a 65-space mar
gin. Letters should contain the
signature, address, and tele
phone number of the writer. —
The Editor.
