# STANFORD ACADEMIC DEPARTMENTS NOW IN GENERAL SCHOOLS
## 
### 
A School of Letters and a School of
Physical Sciences have been organized
at Stanford and will begin operations
next October. The School of Letters
will comprise all the departments of
language and literature in the Univer
sity, and the School of Physical Sci
ences will include the departments of
astronomy, chemistry, geology, mathe
matics, and physics, as well as repre
sentatives of other departments whose
work falls within the scope of the
new school.
These two new schools have been
approved by the Board of Trustees
upon the recommendation of the vari
ous departments concerned and of
President Wilbur. With their estab
lishment, all departments in the Uni
versity giving undergraduate instruc
tion have now been formed into such
groups for the purpose of offering
courses leading to degrees in general
fields as well as in the particular sub
jects covered by individual depart
ments. The schools formerly organized
and now functioning are those in
Social Sciences, in Biological Sciences,
and in Engineering.
The purpose of organizing these

schools in the general fields of knowl
edge dealt with by departments in
closely related subjects is to enable
undergraduate students to avoid too
early specialization and to gain a
broad knowledge of the correlated sub
jects within the range of their special
interests. For this purpose the depart
ments uniting in the school will out
line curricula acceptable to all, and
leaving considerable opportunity of
choice to the students to follow their
own individual preferences in the com
ponent departments or in others.

Students are eligible to enter these
schools at the beginning of their third
university year, the first two years at
Stanford being occupied with work in
suring a broad foundation for the fol
lowing years.
