# DR. JORDAN TO TALK ON AGASSIZ AS A TEACHER
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
Dr. Jordan, in his Thursday evening
conference this week, will talk on
"Agassiz as a Teacher." All are wel
come to these informal discussions
which Dr. Jordan holds at his home at
7:30 o'clock. Students are expected to
go to them, if they care to, without
invitation. Dr. Jordan as a young scien
tist was a student of Agassiz at his
famous school at Penikese.
