# Interclass Handball Tournament.
## 
### 
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
The first games in the series of
doubles for the interclass handball
tournament will be plwyed on
Thursday afternoon, March 3d.
The time during which entries will
be received has been extended until
tomorrow night. It is desired that
at least two teams from each clasB
will enter. At present '05 and '06
have but one team each entered in
the tournament.
The following is a list of the en
tries up to date: Cromwell, '04,
and Dehy, '04; Rittenhouse, '04,
and Firebaugh, '04; Jacobs, '04,
and Tritch, '04; Burr, '05, and,
Evans, '05; Cheadle, '06, and Fow
ler, '06; Rosenfeld, '07, and Chal
mers, '07; Brooke, '07, and Spur
rier, '07.
