# Sohn to Consider World Government
## 
### 
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
This evening at 7:30 in Memor
ial Auditorium, Professor Louis
B. Sohn, Bernis Professor of In
ternational Law at Harvard Law
School, will speak to the dele
gates of the Stanford United Na
tions on World Government. Born
in Lwow, Poland, in 1914, Prof.
Sohn is an internationally known
expert in international law as
well as in United Nations Law
and problems of world order.
Prof. Sohn has manifested his
ideas on how governments today
may effect world peace in num
erous books on international law
and order. Cases and Other Ma
terials on World Law (1950), and
Cases on United Nations Law do
not reveal typically utopian ideas,
but an extremely valuable intro
duction to world law for legal
experts and statesmen of all na
tions.
One of Prof. Sohn’s particular
ly widely read books is World
Peace Through World Law, a book
he wrote in conjunction with
Grenville Clark in 1958 (second
edition, 1960*. Here Sohn and
Clark outline a world government
to be established by revision of
the United Nations Charter. This
world government is based upon
the premise that “there can be
no peace without law” the Rule
of Law which has served western
democracies is to be used to
bring about world peace.
Prof. Sohn’s speech highlights
the third day of Stanford United
Nations sessions.
