# 'INNOCENT'
## 
### 

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)

Samuel Insull, Chicago financier,
when apprehended in Greece on
charges of grand larceny and em
bezzlement, pleaded innocent. He
claimed failure of company was not
fraudulent (A.l\ Photo)
