# Choir Sings Next Tuesday
## 
### 
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
The Stanford summer choir
and Choral Workshop will pre
sent a concert of choral and
orchestral music as next week’s
Tuesday Evening Series pro
gram.
Time for the event lias been
changed from 8 to 8:30 p.m. in
Memorial Church.
Prof. Harold Sclimidt will di
rect the performance, with the
California Symphony accompa
nying, conducted by Dean Wil
liams.
Tlie Department of Music Ls
sponsoring the performance,
which is free and open to the
public.
