# Adv. 31 Page 5
## 
### 
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
HIT<ilKKS KKFl SI S BOWK
Unbeaten, untied, and unrankod
Rutgers yesterday became unin
vited. University officials an
nounced that the powerful Rut
gers football team would refuse
any howl bids.
