# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
Raiders Have a Home
The Oakland city council yester
day approved a $349,000 appropri
ation lo build the Oakland Raiders
American Football League team a
temporary home field for next sea
son.
