# Moot Court Holds Semifinals Today
## 
### 
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
Semi-final rounds of the annual
Marion Rice Kirkwood Moot Court
are being completed today at the
Stanford School of Law.
Twelve third-year students will
argue the question “whether the
General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, a presidential executive
agreement, overrides state’law.”
Final round will he held at the
Law School February 2.
The Marion Rice Kirkwood com
petition, held yearly in honor of
Dean Emeritus Kirkwood, is spon
sored by the honorary Moot Court
Board. Second and third year stu
dents. chosen for their scholastic
ability, select, prepare, and brief
important cases arising in federal
and state courts for oral and writ
ten advocacy by their classmates.
The board prepares bench memo
randums for use of judges in the
graded competition.
