# Whitaker to Speak At Bacon Birthday
## 
### 
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
Virgil K. Whitaker, executive
head of the Stanford English De
partment. will be one of two
speakers tomorrow at the celebra
tion of the 400 th anniversary of
the birth of Sir Francis Bacon to
bo held at UCLA’s Clark Library
in Los Angeles.
Whitaker will speak on “Bacon’s
Intellectual Milieu.” Anthropolo
gist Loren C. Eiseley of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania will pre
sent a paper on “Francis Bacon,
Time Voyager,”
