# Tour of SRI Field Sites on
## 
### 
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
The Stanford Radioscience Lab
oratory will sponsor a tour of
Stanford Research Institute field
sites on Tuesday, Nov. 21 at 1:13
p.m.
Students interested in making
reservations should call the office
of Don Stuedeman in the Radio
science Laboratory, ext. 6366. The
tour will begin at the north-west
corner of the Electronics Research
Laboratories.
