# I-Center Vacation Trip Deadline Nears
## 
### 
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
The deadline for making reser
vations for the 1-Center Thanks
giving Trip is noon Monday. A de
posit of $l2 is necessary to cover
lodging and transportation. II can
be paid at the I-Center office.
The trip, to Big Sur and the Mon
terey Peninsula, will leave Friday.
Nov. 24, at 9 a.m. from the 1-Cen
ter and will return the following
Sunday afternoon.
