# Tempura Meal Tops Japan Week
## 
### 
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
As a climax to Japan Week the
Keio Committee of the HR is spon
soring a Tempura dinner tonight
at 7 in the Women’s Clubhouse.

Tickets, $2, are on sale at the
I-Center. The dinner will feature
seaweed cooked by Stanford’s
Japanese students.
