# VETERAN'S VOUCHERS
## 
### 
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
Veterans enrolled under PL 550
(Korean GI Bill) and dependents
enrolled under PL 634 (War Or
phans Bill) are reminded that at
tendance vouchers are now avail
able for signature in National
Service office and must be signed
promptly to avoid payment delay.
