# Frond Filchers Raid Campus
## 
### 
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
Pour frond filchers were
apprehended early yesterday
morning stripping palm trees
along Stanford's Palm Drive.
The four, University of Cal
ifornia students, told police
Lt. John Gil key that the
fronds were needed for party
decorat ions.
"1 can't understand why
they came here," Gilkey said.
"I've seen some palm trees in
Berkeley."
About 15 fronds had been
loaded into a small trailer
when police spotted the invad
ers at 2:30 a.m. The students,
Gary M. Ceaxan, 18. Stan Ro
din. 19. Jerry Levinson, 18,
and Richard Shapiro, 18, were
released for possible discipli
nary action by UC police.
Gardeners will inspect the
stripped trees to determine
damage. Police figured the
raid on the palms a prelimi
nary Big Game highjinx.
