# Victory Caravan Planned for Rally
## 
### 
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
m
Vice President Richard Nixon
will speak at a giant rally at the
San Jose City Hall tomorrow
morning at 9. and all interested
Stanford students are urged to
attend.
A Stanford "Nixon Victory
Caravan" will leave the Stanford
Shopping Center at 8:30 a.m. and
join other similar caravans leav
ing from such places as San
Mateo, Santa Clara. San Benito
and Monterey in converging on
the rally.
Those planning on driving in
the Stanford caravan should
make signs for their cars which
say "Stanford Nixon Victory
Caravan." Stanford girls attend
ing the rally should wear the
usual football game outfit of a
white blouse and red skirt.
Anyone who is interested in the
caravan and who desires further
information should contact Bob
Siemer, transportation committee
chairman of the Stanford Area
Young Republicans, at Stern 802.
