# Cut-up Spirit Subsiding At Harvard, Says Lowell
## 
### 
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
College life is becoming more sedate
and dignified, while the old-time up
roarous devil-may-care attitude is dis
appearing, according to Dr. A. Lawrence
Lowell, President of Harvard Univer
sity. At the annual dinner of the Har
vard Club in Cincinnati he announced
that the "cut-up" spirit at Harvard was
fast subsiding, and that pranks during
classes are tabooed also, "because stu
dents have become imbued with com
munity spirit under student councils."
