# Deferment Test
## 
### 
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
Scolrtivc Service College Quali
fication Test will be given on
April 30 and applications must be
postmarked no later than April 9.
Students seeking deferment
who wish to take the lest should
pick up application forms and in
formation pamphlets in the Na
tional Service Office, Building
100, Room 102J, as soon as pos
sible.
