# Winton NorCal Golf Runner-up
## 
### 
Stanford's Kent Winton finished
one long putt behind Fresno
State's Joel Spinola in the North
ern California Intercollegiate Golf
meet Saturday at Santa Crux.
Spinola holed a 60-foot uphill
putt on the No. 17 green of the
final round and went on to beat
out Winton and Bob Wagner from
Napa JC.
Spinola had led :ill the way

through the meet, but nearly ruin
ed his chances in the final round
of play. He shot a 77 on the last
round to just sneak in under the
strong-finishing Wagner and Win
ton.
Spinola finished with 291, and
Wagner and Winton had 292'5.
Stanford's Woodie Reich, Jack
Lamey and Ron Preston finished
with totals of 303, 307 and 317,
respectively.
