# Drama Manager Tryouts Begin
## 
### 
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
Students interested in the produc
tion of school dramas may apply to
day and all of next week for the
tryouts of student drama manager.
The tryoutee period lasts all year
and at the end of this period a stu
dent from the group will be appoint
ed drama manager for the following
year.
A point system is used as the basis
of selection and students will get
experience in the handling of such
things as costumes, ticket sales,
scenery, and publicity. As drama
manager the student receives a sal
ary of $200 for his term of office.
Anyone in the school may try out,
but sophomores and juniors are pre
ferred. Interested students should
see Catherine Thomas, present drama
manager, in Room 2 of the Old
Union between 11 and 12 today, and
Monday through Friday of next
week.
