# Organist To Play At Chapel Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford Musical Hour, which
will be held this afternoon from 5
to 5:30 at the Memorial Chapel, will
present as its theme "Music That
Refreshes," played by D. Sterling
Wheelwright, acting organist.
Highlights of the program will be
Cesar Franck's hymn of victory,
"Piece Heroic," and the finale of Ma
quaire's First Symphony. Mr.
Wheelwright will also play "Au
tumn," by Chaminade, "Song With
out Words." by Candlyn, "Harvest
Fete," a traditional air, and a re
quested old melody.
Selections from concert or folk
music, to be considered in the for
mulating of next Thursday's pro
gram, may be requested by leaving
written word with the custodian at
the door.
