# Speakers' Bureau Organizes Roster
## 
### 
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
The Stanford Faculty and Student
Speakers' Service is now organizing
its roster for 1943-44. All students
interested in practical experience in
speaking before the public should
see Mrs. Loft us, Room 209, Memorial
Hall. Student speakers may receive
two units of credit or may partici
pate in the Speakers' Service pro
gram on an extra-curricular basis.
Each student registered with the
Speakers' Service receives individual
instruction in the preparation and
presentation of material. There is
constant public request for speeches
on national and international prob
lems, travel, education, literary pro
grams, and popular topics such as
unusual hobbies and experiences.
Despite war conditions, the Stan
ford Speakers' Service, because of
public demand, functioned to its
capacity last year. This year they
hope to do the same. It has developed
its facilities to the extent that it is
recognized as a major University
activity and as an educational proj
ect of value to both the University
and the community.
