# TENNIS CLUB
## 
### 
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
Weather permitting, tennis club
tryouts will be held this afternoon
from 3 to 5 on the women's courts.
Tryoutees must bring their own
balls.
