# PADDOCK IS VISITOR ON STANFORD CAMPUS
## 
### 
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
Charlie Paddock, veteran sprinter,
was on the campus for a short time
yesterday afternoon. Paddock's visit
was rather hurried and unannounced.
He was here long enough to don a
track suit and show Coach "Dink"
Templeton's tracksters a few or his
tricks in sprinting.
Paddock has just returned from New
York where he has been presenting
his side of the question to the east
ern authorities of the A. A. U. The
sprinter says that he expects to be
reinstated by the A. A. U. and he
also declares that he has learned
many things about his amateur stand
ing that he never knew existed.
Paddock is on his way to Los
Angeles, where he expects to resume
training. He expects to accompany the
University of Southern California's
track team when they leave to com
pete against the University of Wash
ington several weeks from now.
