# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tfik trouble between the musical
organizations and the student body
concerning the conditions under
which the trip to the North should
he undertaken, has to all appear
ances been amicably settled. How
over, the temporary settlement of a

secondary consideration should not
be allowed to obscure the main is
sue. If, as the members of the mu
sical clubs and many other students
believe, the present system of keep
ing them under the full control of
the Associated Students is detri
mental to the interests of both of
those organizations, the matter
should not be allowed to drop, but
should be pushed until the most
satisfactory results are obtained.
The question can not come up he
fore the Associated Students again
until after Thanksgiving, but those
who believe that a more advan
tageous plan of governing the clubs
can be suggested and demonstrated,
should see to it that it is brought
up for consideration then.
Tfik trouble between the musical
organizations and the student body
concerning the conditions under
which the trip to the North should
he undertaken, has to all appear
ances been amicably settled. How
over, the temporary settlement of a

secondary consideration should not
be allowed to obscure the main is
sue. If, as the members of the mu
sical clubs and many other students
believe, the present system of keep
ing them under the full control of
the Associated Students is detri
mental to the interests of both of
those organizations, the matter
should not be allowed to drop, but
should be pushed until the most
satisfactory results are obtained.
The question can not come up he
fore the Associated Students again
until after Thanksgiving, but those
who believe that a more advan
tageous plan of governing the clubs
can be suggested and demonstrated,
should see to it that it is brought
up for consideration then.
Tfik trouble between the musical
organizations and the student body
concerning the conditions under
which the trip to the North should
he undertaken, has to all appear
ances been amicably settled. How
over, the temporary settlement of a

secondary consideration should not
be allowed to obscure the main is
sue. If, as the members of the mu
sical clubs and many other students
believe, the present system of keep
ing them under the full control of
the Associated Students is detri
mental to the interests of both of
those organizations, the matter
should not be allowed to drop, but
should be pushed until the most
satisfactory results are obtained.
The question can not come up he
fore the Associated Students again
until after Thanksgiving, but those
who believe that a more advan
tageous plan of governing the clubs
can be suggested and demonstrated,
should see to it that it is brought
up for consideration then.
Tfik trouble between the musical
organizations and the student body
concerning the conditions under
which the trip to the North should
he undertaken, has to all appear
ances been amicably settled. How
over, the temporary settlement of a

secondary consideration should not
be allowed to obscure the main is
sue. If, as the members of the mu
sical clubs and many other students
believe, the present system of keep
ing them under the full control of
the Associated Students is detri
mental to the interests of both of
those organizations, the matter
should not be allowed to drop, but
should be pushed until the most
satisfactory results are obtained.
The question can not come up he
fore the Associated Students again
until after Thanksgiving, but those
who believe that a more advan
tageous plan of governing the clubs
can be suggested and demonstrated,
should see to it that it is brought
up for consideration then.
Tfik trouble between the musical
organizations and the student body
concerning the conditions under
which the trip to the North should
he undertaken, has to all appear
ances been amicably settled. How
over, the temporary settlement of a

secondary consideration should not
be allowed to obscure the main is
sue. If, as the members of the mu
sical clubs and many other students
believe, the present system of keep
ing them under the full control of
the Associated Students is detri
mental to the interests of both of
those organizations, the matter
should not be allowed to drop, but
should be pushed until the most
satisfactory results are obtained.
The question can not come up he
fore the Associated Students again
until after Thanksgiving, but those
who believe that a more advan
tageous plan of governing the clubs
can be suggested and demonstrated,
should see to it that it is brought
up for consideration then.
