# Untitled Article
## 
### 
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
To get along in geology one must
know his brachiopods. — Athenaeum
(West Virginia).
