# STUDENT LABORERS PREPARE TO HELP COVALESCENT HOME
## Van Amringe Asks for More Cars to Carry Women From Campus AMUSEMENT IS PLANNED Freshmen to Meet at Encina For March to Place of Afternoon's Work 
### 
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
Final plans for the seventh annual
Labor Day at the Convalescent Home,
which will start at 1 o'clock today, are
completed, Harvey Lytel, general
chairman, announced yesterday.
Freshmen will meet at Encitta at 1
o'clock and march to the home in a
body. A fleet of trucks and cars will
carry women from Roble and the
sororites to the home. As more cars
are needed, John Van Amringe, chair
man of the transportation committee,
requests that all who have available
cars call at Roble at 1 o'clock today.
The work at the Home has been out
lined by Fred Wool, grounds commit
tee, and Donald McCarty, repairs com
mittee. Repairs will be made on fences
and toys at the home and digging, cut
ting weeds, and general cleaning will
be done on the grounds. The women
will work at the home, sewing doll
clothes and clothes for the children,
remodeling the doll house, and enter
taining the children during the after
noon.
At 5:30 o'clock work will stop and a
big barbecue will be served under the
direction of Sam Mac Donald. Labor
Day will be closed by an entertain
ment on a stage which will be built
at the home. Campus talent has been
secured by Allen Campbell, chairman,
of the entertainment committee, to
give novelty skits and singing num
bers, and an orchestra will play.
