# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
The business meeting of the
Sophomore Class for next Thurs
day evening will be indefinitely
postponed due to a conflict in
dates.
