# ROBINSON WILL GIVE COURSE IN CRIMINAL LAW AT CALIFORNIA
## 
### 
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
James J. Robinson, professor of
criminal law at Indiana University,

has accepted an invitation to give a
course during the coming Summer Ses
sion at the University of California.
The course will deal with criminal law
and its administration, and will be of
especial value to future prosecuting
attorneys, defense lawyers, and
judges, says Dean H. L. Bruce. Latest
developments in the fields of police
administration, procedural reforms,
psychiatry, penology, and criminal
writings will be examined, and a re
view of the general literature which is
of interest and value in such a study
will be surveyed.
A series of lectures by Miss Helen
Pidgeon, of the National Association
of Policewomen, will be allied with
the subject of Professor Robinson's
course. Miss Pidgeon will discuss in
detail the problems of the police
woman, the advances which this move
ment has made in recent years,' and
some of the experiences with which a
policewoman meets in the discharge
of her duties.
Professor Robinson's course will be
open to non-professional students as
well as to those entering the School
of Jurisprudence.
