# COMING HOME
## 
### 
President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

President Hoover vyent ahead
yesterday with plans for leaving
the White House Saturday night
with Secretary Wilbur for a trip
through the canal to his campus
home.

