# M'ADOO FLIES TO CAPITOL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
WASHINGTON, March 1 (/P) -
William G. McAdoo, Senator-elect
from California, arrived by plane
today for the inauguration.
