# Vanishes
## 
### 

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)

C'APT. EDGAR S. McLICLLAN,
skipper of the army transport
Republic, disappeared on hoard
ship as it neared San Francisco.
(A.P. Photo)
