# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
tBOB WELLMAN
and his orchestra
O COVER CHARGE . MINIMUM SATURDAY ONLY
breakfast, lunch and dinner served daily
ptießar
