# Schiff Elected To Physical Society
## 
### 
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
Dr. Leonard I. SchifT, head of the
Stanford Physics Department, has
been electcd to a four-year term on
the Council of the American Physi
cal Society.
The council serves as the policy
determining body of the American
Physical Society, the professional
organization for physicists. The so
ciety lias a membership of over
10,000.
