# TUESDAY SERIES
## Concert Rated 'One of Best' 
### PAUL REVAK 
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
A near-capacity Memorial Audi
torium audience received with more
than polite applause last night's
Tuesday Evening Scries concert by
the Stanford Symphony Orchestra
under the baton of Sandor Saigo. |
And well it should have, for the i
concert was one of the best ever j
presented by the Stanford Orches
tra.
The lively fugal patterns of the
Overture to "The Magic Flute" by

KZSU will broadcast a tape re
cording of last night's perform
ance of the Stanford Symphony
tonight at 8 on Cardinal Classics.

Mozart, the first work on the brief
program, were, by collegc stand
ards, well handled.
The hifth point of the evening,
however, was the "Concert
Champetrc" for harpsichord and
orchestra by Francis Polenc. This
modern work was brilliantly pre
sented with the conductor, orches
tra, and soloist Putnam C. Al
drich teaming together in a per
formance that was excellent by
any standards.
The concert concluded with the
difficult suite from "Der Rosen
kavalier" by Richard Strauss, in
which the orchestra, perhaps relax
ing a bit from its impressive rendi
tion of the concerto, did not reach
its previous high level. Most no
ticeable here were blatant errors on
the part of the brass.
