# Former Senator Possible Suicide
## 
### 
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
Suicide is suspected in the dpqtb
of former Senator from Wisconsin
Robert M. La Follette Jr., whose
body was found in his Washington
D.C., home yesterday. The pistol
with which La Follette was killed
lay at his side.
Mrs. La Follette found the ex
Senator's body in a bathroom. W R.
Voigt, a business associate of L?»
Follette, said La Follette may have
been despondent over a heart ill -
ness first indicated by a heart at
tack three years ago.
La Follette served in the Seriate
from 1925 to 1946.
