# "Hansel and Gretel" Tomorrow.
## 
### 
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
Owing to the request of those who
have not seen any of the previous
performances of "Hansel and Gretel,"
the Wood Hees have arranged to give
an out-door performance tomorrow
night. Promptly at 7 o'clock, the
pantomime will be given 011 the stage
formed by the trees just hack of the
Medical building. The public is in
vited.
