# English Club to Jolly-Up
## 
### 
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
English Club will hold forth with a
jolly-lip and dance tomorrow evening
at the Delta Gamma sorority. Club
talent will furnish entertainment, J.
U. Morgan, '1(>. Miss Nellita Choate,
'17. and Miss Margery TCalley a.l -
ready having signified their willing
ness to grace the program. The east
of "Tlie (Ireat Divide" will be the
guests of the evening.
