# Probation Granted To Former Student
## 
### 
Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

Probation was granted in Denver
district court Sept. 9 to Crompton
Bangs, '31, former Stanford student,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding
Wayne Bannister, Denver attorney
and a former classmate of Bangs, of
$165 through worthless checks. Ban
nister told the court that Bangs'
father, a Chicago attorney, repaid
the money.
Bangs is the author of the A.S.S.U.
constitution now in use here.

