# Cal, S.C. Ducats On Sale Oct. 6-8
## 
### 
Students' rooter tickets for the
Southern California and University
of California football games will be
on sale Monday, Tuesday, and Wed
nesday, Oct. 6, 7, and 8, from 8:30-5
o'clock in the Board of Athletic Con
trol building.
Rooters' tickets for the Southern
California game, to be played at L<>s
Angeles, are $1.10. Tickets for the
California game at Stanford arc $1.65.
Each student may purchase six gen
eral admission tickets to the South
ern California game at $2.75 a piece.
At the same time he may buy four
California game general admission
tickets at $4.40 a piece. Season tick
ets for all home games, excluding
the California game, are $5.50, gen
eral admission. The date for the
season ticket sales has not yet been
set. Tickets for individual games
will be on sale at the stadium gates
on the day of the game.
