# UCLA TO PLAY ARMY
## 
### 
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
Only P.C.C. member currently
scheduled to meet a service team on
the gridiron is U.C.L.A. The Bruins
will play the Camp Haan eleven on
November 15.
