# Reynolds Fetes Coaches, Gridmen
## 
### 
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy and the
remainder of the Stanford Varsity
football coaching staff were guests
in Los Angeles September 6 at an
alumni gathering. Jim Reynolds, ex-
Stanford grid and crew star, was the
host at this annual occasion.
Attending with Shaughnessy were
Jim Lawson, end coach; Marchie
Schwartz, backfield coach; Phil
Bengtson, line coach; Don Lieben
dorfer, Stanford publicity director;
A1 Masters, Board of Athletic Con
trol chief; Frank F. Walker, finan
cial vice-president of the Univer
sity; and Robert A. Hamilton, alumni
secretary.
